AAREN: Variant spelling of English Aeryn, meaning "Ireland." Compare with masculine Aaren. 
ABAEGAYLE: Variant spelling of English Abigail, meaning "father rejoices."
ABAGAEL: Variant spelling of English Abigail, meaning "father rejoices."
ABAGAIL: Variant spelling of English Abigail, meaning "father rejoices."
ABAGALE: Variant spelling of English Abigail, meaning "father rejoices."
ABAIGAEL: Variant spelling of English Abigail, meaning "father rejoices."
ABAIGEAL: Variant spelling of English Abigail, meaning "father rejoices."
ABBEY: Pet form of English Abigail, meaning "father rejoices." Compare with another form of Abbey.
ABBI: Pet form of English Abigail, meaning "father rejoices."
ABBIE: Pet form of English Abigail, meaning "father rejoices." Compare with another form of Abbie.
ABBIGAEL: Variant spelling of English Abigail, meaning "father rejoices."
ABBIGAIL: Variant spelling of English Abigail, meaning "father rejoices."
ABBIGALE: Variant spelling of English Abigail, meaning "father rejoices."
ABBIGAYLE: Variant spelling of English Abigail, meaning "father rejoices."
ABBYGAEL: Variant spelling of English Abigail, meaning "father rejoices."
ABBYGAIL: Variant spelling of English Abigail, meaning "father rejoices."
ABBYGALE: Variant spelling of English Abigail, meaning "father rejoices."
ABBY: Pet form of English Abigail, meaning "father rejoices." Compare with another form of Abby.
ABBYE: Pet form of English Abigail, meaning "father rejoices."
ABEGAIL: Variant spelling of English Abigail, meaning "father rejoices."
ABEGAYLE: Variant spelling of English Abigail, meaning "father rejoices."
ABELIA: From the Latin name of a genus of "honeysuckle." 
ABI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Abiy, meaning "my father." In the bible, this is the name of the mother of King Hezekiah. Compare with masculine Abi. 
ABIA: Anglicized form of Hebrew unisex Abiyah, meaning "Yahweh is my father." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Samuel, the mother of Hezekiah, a member of the tribe of Benjamin, a king of Judah, and several other characters. 
ABIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew unisex Abiyah, meaning "Yahweh is my father." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Samuel, the mother of Hezekiah, a member of the tribe of Benjamin, a king of Judah, and several other characters. 
ABIGAIL: 
Anglicized form of Hebrew Abigayil, meaning "father rejoices." In the bible, this is the name of the wife of King David. 
Anglicized form of Irish Gobnait, meaning "little smith."
ABIGALE: Variant spelling of English Abigail, meaning "father rejoices."
ABIGALL: Variant spelling of English Abigail, meaning "father rejoices."
ABIGAYLE: Variant spelling of English Abigail, meaning "father rejoices."
ABIGIL: Variant spelling of English Abigail, meaning "father rejoices."
ABIHAIL: Anglicized form of Hebrew unisex Abiyhayil, meaning "father of might." In the bible, this is the name of the father of Esther, a Levite who was the head of the house of Merari, and several other characters.
ABIJAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew unisex Abiyah, meaning "Yahweh is my father." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Samuel, the mother of Hezekiah, a member of the tribe of Benjamin, a king of Judah, and several other characters. 

ABILENE: Modern English name derived from Greek Abilēnē, the biblical name of a region belonging to the city of Abila, meaning "grassy meadow."

ABISHAG: Anglicized form of Hebrew Abiyshag, meaning "my father is a wanderer" or "father of error." In the bible, this is the name of a young girl who cared for David in his old age. 
ABITAL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Abiytal, meaning "my father is dew." In the bible, this is the name of one of David's wives. 
ABRA: Short form of Hebrew Abrahamit, meaning "father of a multitude." This name was popular in 17th century England. Also spelled Avra.
ABRIANNA: English feminine form of Hebrew Abraham, meaning "father of a multitude." 
ACACIA: English name derived from the tree name, from Latin acacia, from Greek akakia, meaning "thorny Egyptian tree." Besides the flowering shrub or tree, Acacia is also the name of a fraternity. In Freemasonry, the Acacia symbolizes immortality of the soul, innocence and purity, and birth into a new life. The acaica seyal is believed to have been the biblical shittah-tree (Isaiah 41:19) which furnished the wood for the Ark of the Covenant and for the Tabernacle. 
ACHEFLOUR: Old English name meaning "suffering flower." In Arthurian legend, this is the name of King Arthur's sister in the romance Syr Percyvelle.
ADA: Short form of English Adelaide "noble sort," and Adela "noble." Compare with other forms of Ada.
ADALINE: English variant spelling of French Adeline, meaning "little noble."
ADALLINA: English variant spelling of Italian Adelina, meaning "noble."
ADAMINA: Scottish feminine form of Hebrew Adam, meaning "earth" or "red."
ADDIE: Pet form of English Adelaide, meaning "noble sort." Compare with another form of Addie.
ADDISON: Old English surname transferred to unisex forename use, meaning "son of Adam." 

ADDY: Pet form of English Adelaide, meaning "noble sort."

ADELA: Latin form of German Adala, meaning "noble." In use by the Danish and Swedish.

ADELAIDE: English form of French Adélaïde, meaning "noble sort."

ADELE: English form of French Adèle, meaning "noble sort."

ADELIA: Variant form of Latin Adela, meaning "noble." 
ADELICE: English variant form of French Adelais, meaning "noble sort."
ADELICIA: Elaborated form of English Adelice, meaning "noble sort."
ADELINE: Diminutive form of French Adèle, meaning "little noble."
ADELLE: French form of German Adala, meaning "noble."
ADELPHIE: English form of French Adelphe, meaning "born of the same womb; sibling."
ADELYNA: English variant spelling of Italian/Spanish Adelina, meaning "little noble."
ADENA: Feminine form of English Aden, meaning "fire." 
ADENAH: Variant spelling of English Adena, meaning "fire."
ADENE: Variant spelling of English Adena, meaning "fire."
ADI (עֲדִי): Hebrew unisex name meaning "my ornament" or "my witness."
ADILENE: English variant spelling of French Adeline, meaning "noble."
ADINA (עֲדִינָא): Anglicized form of Hebrew unisex Adiyna, meaning "slender." In the bible, this is a masculine name only, the name of one of King David's captains.
ADISON: Variant spelling of English unisex Addison, meaning "son of Adam."

ADISSON: Variant spelling of English unisex Addison, meaning "son of Adam."

ADMIRANDA: Elaborated form of English Miranda, meaning "worthy of admiration." 
ADOLPHA: Feminine form of Latin Adolphus, meaning "noble wolf." 
ADREA: Variant spelling of English Adria, meaning "from Hadria."
ADREEA: Variant spelling of English Adria, meaning "from Hadria."
ADREANA: Variant spelling of Latin Adriana, meaning "from Hadria."
ADRIA: Feminine form of English Adrian, meaning "from Hadria."
ADRIANA: Feminine form of Latin Adrianus, Spanish Adrián, and Italian Adriano, all meaning "from Hadria." 
ADRIANAH: English variant spelling of Latin Adriana, meaning "from Hadria."
ADRIANE: Feminine form of English Adrian, meaning "from Hadria."
ADRIANNA: Polish feminine form of Latin Adrianus, meaning "from Hadria." 
ADRIANNAH: Feminine form of English Adrian, meaning "from Hadria."
ADRIANNE: Feminine form of English Adrian, meaning "from Hadria."
ADRIE: Pet form of English Adriane, meaning "from Hadria."
AERON: Welsh unisex form of Celtic Agrona, the name a goddess of war and death who was portrayed as a masculine figure in Welsh mythology, meaning "carnage, slaughter." 
AERYN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Éirinn, meaning "Ireland." 

AERYNN: Variant spelling of English Aeryn, meaning "Ireland."

AFFRICA: Variant spelling of English Africa, meaning "land of the Afri."

AFFRICAH: Variant spelling of English Africa, meaning "land of the Afri."

AFFRIKA: Variant spelling of English Africa, meaning "land of the Afri."

AFFRIKAH: Variant spelling of English Africa, meaning "land of the Afri."

AFFTON: Variant spelling of English unisex Afton, derived from the name of the River Afton in Ayrshire, Scotland, made famous in Burns' poem "Sweet Afton." 

AFRICA: English name mostly used by African-Americans, derived from the continent name, meaning "land of the Afri." The Afri were a tribe, possibly Berber, who dwelled in North Africa. The origin of the word Afri (pl.), Afer (sing.), may be connected with the Phoenician word 'afar, meaning "dust," which is also found in other Semitic languages, such as Hebrew Afra.

AFRICAH: Variant spelling of English Africa, meaning "land of the Afri."

AFRIKA: Variant spelling of English Africa, meaning "land of the Afri."

AFRIKAH: Variant spelling of English Africa, meaning "land of the Afri."

AFTON: Old English surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from the name of the River Afton in Ayrshire, Scotland, made famous in Burns' poem "Sweet Afton." 

AGAS: Medieval English form of Latin Agatha, meaning "good."

AGATHA: Latin form of Greek Agathe, meaning "good." 

AGGI: Variant spelling of English Aggie, meaning "chaste" and "good." 

AGGIE: Pet form of English Agnes, "chaste," and Latin Agatha, "good."

AGGY: Variant spelling of English Aggie, meaning "chaste" and "good." 

AGGYE: Variant spelling of English Aggie, meaning "chaste" and "good." 

AGLÆCA: An Old English dictionary defines áglǽca as follows: "wretch, miscreant, monster, demon, fierce enemy, fierce combatant, miserable being." In the Anglo-Saxon epic Beowulf, Grendel, Grendel's mother and Beowulf are all three referred to by this name for each is a "fierce combatant." 

AGNES: English form of French Agnès, meaning "chaste; holy."

AGNUS: Variant spelling of English Agnes, meaning "chaste; holy."

AIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew unisex Ayah, meaning "falcon" or "vulture." In the bible, this is the name of the father of Rizpah, and a Horite, the son of Zibeon.

AIDEEN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Étaín, meaning "face."

AIDITH: Perhaps a form of English Edith, meaning "rich battle."

AILA: Pet form of English Aileen, meaning "little Eve." 

AILEE: Short form of English Aileen, meaning "little Eve." 

AILEEN: Scottish Anglicized form of Gaelic Aibhilín, meaning "little Eve." 

AILENE: Variant spelling of English Aileen, meaning "little Eve." 

AILEY: Pet form English Aileen, meaning "little Eve." 

AILIE: Pet form English Aileen, meaning "little Eve." 

AILITH: Either a Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Æthelgyth, meaning "noble war," or a variant spelling of Scottish Gaelic Alyth, meaning "ascending, rising."

AILSA: Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Ealasaid, meaning "God is my oath." The name was derived from Ailsa Craig, the name of an island off Scotland, also known by the Gaelic names Allasa Creag and Creag Ealasaid ("Elisabeth's Rock" or Elspeth's Rock"). The island is known by many other names, including Old Norse Alfsigesey, meaning "Alfsigr's Island." 

AILSE: Variant spelling of English Ailsa, meaning "elf victory."

AILSIE: Variant spelling of English Ailsa, meaning "elf victory."

AIMEY: Variant spelling of English Amy, meaning "much loved."

AIMIE: Variant spelling of English Amy, meaning "much loved."

AINSLEY: Scottish habitational surname transferred to unisex forename use, composed of the Old English elements ansetl "hermitage" and leah "meadow, pasture," hence "hermitage meadow."

AINSLIE: Variant spelling of Scottish unisex Ainsley, meaning "hermitage meadow." 

AIRLA: Modern English name perhaps based on the vocabulary word air, hence "ethereal." 

AIRLEA: Elaborated form of English Airla, possibly meaning "ethereal." 

AIRLIA: Elaborated form of English Airla, possibly meaning "ethereal." 

AISLIN: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Aisling, meaning "dream; vision."

AISLING: Irish Gaelic name meaning "dream; vision."

AISLINN: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Aisling, meaning "dream; vision."

AIYANA: This name was coined by professor Bryan Sykes, author of The Seven Daughters of Eve, for a particular Native American genetic line, one of four reconstructed mtDNA lines believed to have colonised America. The name was adopted into English usage, mostly by Americans. It may mean "ever-blooming."

ALANA: English feminine form of Celtic Alan, possibly meaning "little rock."

ALANIS: English feminine form of Celtic Alan, possibly meaning "little rock." 

ALANNA: Variant spelling of English Alana, possibly meaning "little rock." 

ALANNAH: Variant spelling of English Alanna, possibly meaning "little rock." 

ALANNIS: Variant spelling of English Alanis, possibly meaning "little rock." 

ALBERTA: Feminine form of English Albert, meaning "bright nobility." Compare with another form of Alberta.

ALBERTINE: Feminine form of French Albert, meaning "bright nobility."

ALBINA: Feminine form of English Albin, meaning "like Albus," i.e. "white."

ALEA: English variant spelling of Arabic Aliya, meaning "the high, exalted one." 

ALEASE: Perhaps a variant spelling of English Alice, meaning "noble sort."

ALEEN: Variant spelling of English Aileen, meaning "little Eve." 

ALEESHA: English variant spelling of Spanish Alicia, meaning "noble sort."

ALENA (Russian: Алёна): 

Russian form of Greek Helénē, possibly meaning "torch."

Short form of Latin Magdalena, meaning "of Magdala."

ALENE: Variant spelling of English Aileen, meaning "little Eve." 

ALESHA: English variant spelling of Spanish Alicia, meaning "noble sort."

ALETHA: Variant spelling of English Alethea, meaning "truth."

ALETHEA: English name not found before the 16th century, probably originally a Puritan virtue name, derived from the Greek word aletheia, meaning "truth."

ALEX: English unisex short form of Alexandra and Alexander, meaning "defender of mankind." 

ALEXA: English and Latin short form of Alexandra, meaning "defender of mankind." Compare with another form of Alexa.

ALEXANDRA: Feminine form of English Alexander, meaning "defender of mankind." Compare with other forms of Alexandra.

ALEXANDREA: Variant spelling of Latin Alexandria, meaning "defender of mankind."

ALEXIA: Feminine form of Latin Alexius, meaning "defender."

ALEXINA: Pet form of Latin Alexia, meaning "defender."

ALEXIS: Unisex contracted form of Latin Alexius, meaning "defender."

ALEXUS: Unisex contracted form of Latin Alexius, meaning "defender."

ALFREDA: Feminine form of English Alfred, meaning "elf counsel."

ALGOMA: English name having several possible origins, the most likely being from the place name invented by Henry Schoolcraft, composed of the prefix Al- from the Native American tribal name Algonquin, and the suffix -goma from the Algonquin word goma, meaning "lake." 
ALIA: Variant spelling of English Aliah, meaning "to ascend, to go up."

ALIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Aliya, meaning "to ascend, to go up."

ALICA: Slovak form of English Alice, meaning "noble sort."

ALICE: Modern form of English Adelaide, meaning "noble sort."

ALICIA: Spanish equivalent of English Alice, meaning "noble sort."

ALINE: Variant spelling of English Aileen, meaning "little Eve." Compare with another form of Aline.

ALIS: Short form of English Alisa, meaning "noble sort." Compare with another form of Alis.

ALISA: Variant form of English Alice, meaning "noble sort." Compare with other forms of Alisa.

ALISE: Latvian equivalent of English Alice, meaning "noble sort."

ALISHA: English variant spelling of Spanish Alicia, meaning "noble sort."

ALISHIA: English variant spelling of Spanish Alicia, meaning "noble sort."

ALISIA: English variant spelling of Spanish Alicia, meaning "noble sort."

ALISON: Norman French form of Old High German Adalheid, meaning "noble sort." In use by the English and Scottish. Compare with another form of Alison.

ALISSA: English variant spelling of Spanish Alicia, meaning "noble sort."

ALISYA: English variant spelling of Spanish Alicia, meaning "noble sort."

ALIVIA: Variant spelling of English Olivia, probably meaning "elf army."

ALIX: Variant spelling of English unisex Alex, meaning "defender of mankind." 

ALLANA: Variant spelling of English Alana, possibly meaning "little rock." 

ALLANNAH: Variant spelling of English Alannah, possibly meaning "little rock." 

ALLEEN: Variant spelling of English Aline, meaning "little Eve." 

ALLENE: Variant spelling of English Aline, meaning "little Eve." 

ALLIE: Scottish pet form of Norman French Alison, meaning "noble sort."

ALLINE: Variant spelling of English Aline, meaning "little Eve." 

ALLISON: Medieval English spelling of Norman French Alison, meaning "noble sort."

ALLISSA: Variant spelling of English Alissa, meaning "noble sort." 

ALLY: Scottish pet form of Norman French Alison, meaning "noble sort."

ALLYCIA: English variant spelling of Spanish Alicia, meaning "noble sort."

ALLYSON: Modern variant spelling of Medieval English Allison, meaning "noble sort."

ALMA: English name meaning "nourishing" in Latin and "soul" in Spanish. Compare with other forms of Alma.

ALMAH: Variant spelling of English Alma, meaning "nourishing" in Latin and "soul" in Spanish. Compare with another form of Almah.

ALMIRA: Contracted form of Spanish Adelmira, meaning "nobly famous." In use by the English, as is its variant Elmira.

ALPHA (Άλφα): English unisex name derived from the first letter of the Greek alphabet.

ALPHONSINE: Feminine form of French Alphonse, meaning "noble and ready."

ALTAIR (الطير): Modern English unisex name derived from the name of the brightest star in the constellation Aquila, from an Arabic word meaning "the bird" or "the flyer." 

ALVA: Anglicized feminine form of Irish Gaelic unisex Ailbhe, possibly meaning "white." Compare with another form of Alva, and masculine Alva.

ALVENA: Variant spelling of Middle English Alvina, meaning "elf friend."

ALVINA: Middle English feminine form of Norman French Alvin, meaning "elf friend."

ALYCE: Variant spelling of English Alice, meaning "noble sort."

ALYCIA: English variant of Spanish Alicia, meaning "noble sort."

ALYS: Anglicized form of Welsh Alis, meaning "noble sort."

ALYSA: Variant spelling of English Alyssa, meaning either "noble sort" or "alyssum flower."

ALYSE: Variant spelling of English Alice, meaning "noble sort."

ALYSHA: English variant spelling of Spanish Alicia, meaning "noble sort."

ALYSIA: English variant spelling of Spanish Alicia, meaning "noble sort."

ALYSON: Diminutive form of English Alys, meaning "noble sort." 

ALYSSA: English variant spelling of Spanish Alicia, meaning "noble sort." This name is also sometimes given as a plant name, "Alyssum flower," from Latin alyssum, from Greek alysson, composed of a- "not" and lysson "rabies," hence "not rabies," because the Alyssum plant was believed to cure rabies.

ALYSSIA: English variant spelling of Spanish Alicia, meaning "noble sort."

ALYX: Variant spelling of English unisex Alex, meaning "defender of mankind."

AMABEL: English name derived from Latin amabilis, meaning "lovable."

AMALEA: English variant spelling of German Amalia, meaning "work."

AMALEE: Perhaps a variant spelling of English Emily, meaning "rival."

AMALIYA: English variant spelling of German Amalia, meaning "work."
AMANDA: English literary name, created by playwright Colley Cibber in the 17th century, derived from Latin amanda, meaning "lovable."
AMARYLLIS: English name derived from the flower name amaryllis, from Greek amarysso, meaning "to sparkle."
AMBER: English name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "amber," the gem or color. Actually the word is of Arabic origin, from anbargris (ambergris), which refers to an oily, perfumed substance (used in making perfumes) secreted by the sperm whale.
AMBROSIA: In Greek mythology, ambrosia is the name of a food or drink of the gods that gives them immortality.

Feminine form of Greek Ambrosios, meaning "immortal." 

Feminine form of Latin Ambrosius, meaning "immortal."

AMELIA: English form of German Amalia, meaning "work."
AMELIE: English form of French Amélie, meaning "work."
AMETHYST: English name derived from the name of the precious stone, from Greek amethustos, meaning "not intoxicated; sober," expressing the ancient belief that the stone had the ability to protect one from drunkenness. This name is sometimes given to girls born in February. 
AMEY: Variant spelling of English Amy, meaning "much loved."

AMI: Variant spelling of English Amy, meaning "much loved."

AMICE: English name derived from Latin amicitia, meaning "friendship."

AMIE: Variant spelling of English Amy, meaning "much loved."

AMILIA: Variant spelling of English Amelia, meaning "work."

AMITY: English name meaning "friendship."

AMY: English form of French Aimée, meaning "much loved."

ANABELLA: Variant spelling of English Annabella, meaning "gracious beauty."

ANABELLE: Variant spelling of English Annabelle, meaning "gracious beauty."

ANASTACIA: English form of Latin Anastasia, meaning "resurrection."

ANASTASIA (Greek: Αναστασία): 

Feminine form of Greek Anastasios, meaning "resurrection."

Feminine form of Latin Anastasius, meaning "resurrection."

ANDEE: Pet form of English Andrea, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDI: Pet form of English Andrea, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDRA: Feminine form of English Andrew, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDREA: Feminine form of English Andrew, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDREANA: Elaborated form of English Andrea, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDRI: Pet form of English Andriana, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDRIANA: Elaborated form of English Andrea, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDRINA: Elaborated form of English Andrea, meaning "man; warrior."

ANDY: Unisex pet form of English Andrew and Andrea, meaning "man; warrior."

ANETA: English variant spelling of Spanish Anita, meaning "favor; grace." Compare with another form of Aneta.

ANETTA: English variant form of Spanish Anita, meaning "favor; grace."

ANETTE: Variant spelling of French Annette, meaning "favor; grace."

ANGE: English short form of Latin Angela, meaning "angel, messenger." Compare with masculine Ange.

ANGEL: English unisex name derived from Latin Angelus, meaning "angel, messenger." Originally a male name, it is now almost strictly female.

ANGELA: Feminine form of Latin Angelus, meaning "angel, messenger."

ANGELICA: Feminine form of Italian Angelico, meaning "angelic." 

ANGELINA: Diminutive form of Latin Angela, meaning "little angel/messenger."

ANGELINE: Diminutive form of French Angèle, meaning "angel, messenger."

ANGELIQUE: French feminine form of Latin Angelicus, meaning "angelic."

ANGELL: Feminine variant spelling of English unisex Angel, meaning "angel, messenger."

ANGELLE: Feminine variant spelling of English unisex Angel, meaning "angel, messenger."

ANGELLINA: English variant spelling of Latin Angelina, meaning "angel, messenger."

ANGIE: English short form of Latin Angela, meaning "angel, messenger."

ANIMA: Modern English name derived from Latin anima, meaning "anger, courage, essence, feeling, mind, passion, spirit," from the PIE root *ane-, meaning "to breathe," the same root from which the words animal and animation came. But in Christian contexts, the word anima was used to translate the Greek word psykhe into "soul" (not "spirit"), and this is the same anima from which the personal name was derived. Compare with another form of Anima.

ANISE: English name derived from the name of the herb, meaning "anise."

ANITA: Spanish pet form of Latin Anna, meaning "favor; grace." 

ANITRA: English elaborated form of Spanish Anita, meaning "favor; grace."

ANN: Variant spelling of French Anne, meaning "favor; grace."

ANNA: Latin form of Greek Hanna, meaning "favor; grace." In the New Testament bible, this is the name of a prophetess in Jerusalem.

ANNABEL: Variant spelling of English Annabelle, meaning "gracious beauty."

ANNABELINDA: English compound name composed of Latin Anna "favor; grace," and German Belinda, "beautiful serpent," hence "gracious beautiful serpent."

ANNABELL: Variant spelling of English Annabelle, meaning "gracious beauty."

ANNABELLA: English compound name composed of Latin Anna "favor; grace," and the Italian word bella "beautiful," hence "gracious beauty."

ANNABELLE: English compound name composed of Latin Anna "favor; grace," and the French word belle "beautiful," hence "gracious beauty." Compare with another form of Annabelle.

ANNABETH: English compound name composed of Latin Anna "favor; grace," and Beth "God is my oath."

ANNALEE: English compound name composed of Latin Anna "favor; grace," and Lee "meadow," hence "graceful meadow."

ANNAMAE: Variant spelling of English Annemae, meaning "favor; grace" and "May."

ANNAMARIA: English compound name composed of Latin Anna "favor; grace," and Maria "obstinate, rebellious." 

ANNAMAY: Variant spelling  of English Annemae, meaning "favor; grace" and "May."

ANNE: French form Latin Anna, meaning "favor; grace." Compare with masculine Anne.

ANNELISA: English compound name composed of French Anne "favor; grace" and Lisa "God is my oath."

ANNEMAE: English compound name composed of French Anne, "favor; grace" and Mae, meaning "pearl," "obstinate, rebellious," or the month of May. 

ANNE-MARIE: Variant spelling of German Annemarie, meaning "favor; grace," and "obstinate, rebellious."

ANNEMARIE: German compound name composed of French Anne "favor; grace," and Marie "obstinate, rebellious."

ANNETTA: Italian diminutive form of Latin Anna, meaning "favor; grace."

ANNETTE: Diminutive form of French Anne, meaning "favor; grace."

ANNGELA: English variant spelling of Latin Angela, meaning "angel, messenger."

ANNICE: Middle English form of English Agnes, meaning "chaste; holy."

ANNIE: English pet form of Latin Anna, meaning "favor; grace."

ANNIS: Medieval form of English Agnes, meaning "chaste; holy." Compare with another form of Annis.

ANNITA: English variant spelling of Spanish Anita, meaning "favor; grace."

ANNITRA: Elaborated form of English Anitra, meaning "favor; grace."

ANNITTA: English variant spelling of Spanish Anita, meaning "favor; grace."

ANNMARIE: Variant spelling of English Annemarie, meaning "favor; grace," and "obstinate, rebellious."

ANNONA: English name, probably derived from the plant genus name annona, from Taíno annon, a species of plants which produce nutritious edible pond-apples. 

ANNORA: English variant form of Latin Honora, meaning "honor." 

ANONA: Variant spelling of English Annona, which was probably derived from the plant genus name annona, from Taíno annon, a species of plants which produce nutritious edible pond-apples.

ANONNA: Variant spelling of English Annona, which was probably derived from the plant genus name annona, from Taíno annon, a species of plants which produce nutritious edible pond-apples.

ANORA: Variant spelling of English Annora, meaning "honor."

ANSONIA: Feminine form of English Anson, originally a patronymic surname which may have come from any of a number of Middle English names, for instance "son of Ansel," or "son of Agnes."

ANSTACE: Variant spelling of English/Scottish Anstice, meaning "resurrection."

ANSTICE: English and Scottish name derived from Latin Anastasia, meaning "resurrection." Popular in the 13th century. 

ANSTEY: Pet form of English/Irish Anstice, meaning "resurrection."

ANTHIA: English variant spelling of Latin Anthea, meaning "flower."

ANTOINETTE: Feminine diminutive form of French Antoine, possibly meaning "invaluable." 

ANTONETTE: English diminutive form of Latin Antonia, possibly meaning "invaluable." 

ANTONIA: Feminine form of Roman Latin Antonius, possibly meaning "invaluable." In use by the English, Italians and Spanish. Compare with another form of Antonia.

APRIL: English name derived from the month name April, from Latin Aprilis, from aperire, meaning "to open," in reference to the opening of flowers in spring. 

ARDEN: English unisex name derived from a place name meaning "eagle valley."

ARETHA: American English name probably having the same etymology as Cornish Areta, meaning "excellence, virtue."

ARIADNE: Latin form of Greek Ariadnê, meaning "utterly pure." In mythology, this is the name of the daughter of King Minos.
ARIANA: English variant spelling of Italian Arianna, meaning "utterly pure." Compare with another form of Ariana.
ARIEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew unisex Ari'el, meaning "lion of god." In the bible, this is a name applied to the city of Jerusalem, and the name of a chief of the returning exiles. In the Apocrypha, this is the name of an archangel who rules the waters. It is also the name of a moon of Uranus, and the name of a spirit in Shakespeare's play "The Tempest." 
ARIELLA (אֲרִיאֵלָה): Feminine form of English unisex Ariel, meaning "lion of God."
ARIELLE: Feminine form of English unisex Ariel, meaning "lion of God."
ARIN: Variant spelling of English Erin, meaning "Ireland." Compare with masculine Arin.
ARISTA: Feminine form of Latin Aristaeus, meaning "excellence." 
ARLEEN: Variant spelling of English Arline, a short form of longer names ending with -arlene or -arline.
ARLENE: Variant spelling of English Arline, a short form of longer names ending with -arlene or -arline. 
ARLETTE: Probably a Norman French double diminutive form of the German word arn "eagle," hence "tiny little eagle."
ARLIE: Pet form of English Arline, a short form of longer names ending with -arlene or -arline.
ARLINE: English short form of longer names ending with -arlene or -arline.
ARYANA: Modern variant spelling of English Ariana, meaning "utterly pure."
ASCELINA: Elaborated form of English Aceline, meaning "little noble one." 
ASCELINE: Elaborated form of English Aceline, meaning "little noble one." 
ASENATH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Acĕnath, meaning "belonging to the goddess Neith." In the bible, this is the name of Joseph's Egyptian wife.
ASH: Short form of English unisex Ashley, meaning "ash-tree grove." 
ASHLEE: Feminine variant spelling of English unisex Ashley, meaning "ash-tree grove."

ASHLEIGH: Feminine variant spelling of English unisex Ashley, meaning "ash-tree grove."

ASHLEY: English habitational surname transferred to unisex forename use, composed of the Old English elements �sc "ash" and lēah "wood," hence "ash-tree grove."

ASHLIE: Feminine variant of English unisex Ashley, meaning "ash-tree grove."

ASHLING: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Aisling, meaning "dream; vision."

ASHLYN: English compound name composed of Ash "ash tree" and Lyn, "lake," hence "ash tree lake."

ASHLYNN: Variant spelling of English Ashlyn, meaning "ash tree lake." 

ASHTAROTH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Ashtarowth, meaning "star." In the bible, this is the name applied to false goddesses in the Canaanite religion, usually related to a fertility cult. It is also the name of a city in Bashan east of the Jordan given to Manasseh.

ASHTON: English unisex name derived from a place name, meaning "ash tree settlement."

ASIA: English unisex name derived from the name of the continent, possibly derived from Assyrian asu, meaning "east." Compare with another form of Asia.

ASPEN: English name derived from the tree name, meaning "aspen tree, white poplar." 

ASTAROTH: Variant spelling of English Ashtaroth, meaning "star." In the bible, this is the name applied to false goddesses in the Canaanite religion, usually related to a fertility cult. It is also the name of a city in Bashan east of the Jordan given to Manasseh.

ASTON: English unisex name derived from a place name meaning "east settlement."

ASTRA: English name derived from Greek aster, meaning "star."

AUBREE: Feminine variant spelling of English unisex Aubrey, meaning "elf ruler."

AUBREY: English unisex form of Norman French Alberi, meaning "elf ruler."

AUBRIE: Feminine variant spelling of English unisex Aubrey, meaning "elf ruler."

AUDRA: Variant spelling of English Audrey, meaning "noble strength." Compare with another form of Audra.

AUDREA: Variant spelling of English Audrey, meaning "noble strength."

AUDREY: Modern English form of Anglo-Saxon Æthelthryth, meaning "noble strength."

AUGUSTA: Feminine form of English August, meaning "August (the month)." Compare with another form of Augusta.

AUNDRIA: Variant spelling of English Andrea, meaning "man; warrior."

AURA: English name derived from the vocabulary word aura, meaning "subtle emanation around living beings," from Latin aura, meaning "air, breeze, wind," from Greek aura, meaning "breath, breeze." 

AUREOLE: English name derived from the word aureole, a diminutive form of Latin aura ("air, breeze, wind"), hence "little breeze" or "little wind."

AURORA: Latin name meaning "dawn." In Roman mythology, this is the name of a goddess of morning. Equated with Greek Eos. 

AUSTYN: Unisex form of English Austin, meaning "venerable."
AUTUMN: English unisex name derived from the season name, from Latin autumnus, thought to be of Etruscan origin. Harvest was the original English name for the season; Autumn replaced it in the 16th century.
AVA: Variant spelling of English Eve, meaning "alive; living."
AVALINA: Variant spelling of English Avaline, meaning "little Eve." 
AVALINE: English variant spelling of French Aveline, meaning "little Eve." 
AVALON: Arthurian legend name of an island somewhere in the British Isles, where the body of King Arthur is said to be buried, having been brought there by his half-sister Morgan le Fay, and where he is supposed to one day return. The name means "island of apples," from Celtic abal (cf. Welsh afal, Breton and Cornish aval "apple").
AVALONA: Modern English elaborated form of Celtic Avalon, meaning "island of apples."
AVELINA: Latin form of Norman French Aveline, meaning "little Eve." 
AVELINE: Old Norman French equivalent of English Avila, meaning "little Eve." 
AVERY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from the Middle English personal name Alfred, meaning "elf counsel."
AVICE: Variant spelling of English Avis, meaning "bird."
AVILA: Medieval diminutive form of English Ava, meaning "little Eve." 
AVILON: English variant spelling of Celtic Avalon, meaning "island of apples."
AVIS: English adopted use of German Avis ("refuge in war"). But its popularity in the Middle Ages was due to its association with the Latin noun avis, meaning "bird." 
AVITAL: Variant spelling of English Abital, meaning "my father is dew." In the bible, this is the name of one of David's wives. 
AYEESHA: English variant spelling of Arabic Aisha, meaning "alive." 
AYN: According to Ayn Rand, this name is an adaptation of the Finnish name Aino, meaning "the only one."
AZALEA: English name derived from the name of the flower, from the Greek word azaleos, meaning "dry."
AZUBAH (עֲזוּבָה): Anglicized form of Hebrew Azuwbah, meaning "forsaken." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including Caleb's wife and the mother of Jehoshaphat. 
AZURA: Variant spelling of English Azure, meaning "sky blue."
AZURE: English color name meaning "sky blue."
BAB: English pet form of Greek Barbara, meaning "foreign; strange."
BABE: English pet form of Greek Barbara, meaning "foreign; strange." Compare with masculine Babe.
BABETTE: Pet form of English Elizabeth, meaning "God is my oath."
BABS: English pet form of Greek Barbara, meaning "foreign; strange."
BAILEE: Feminine variant spelling of English unisex Bailey, meaning "bailiff." 
BAILEY: English occupational surname transferred to unisex forename use, meaning "bailiff." 
BAILIE: Variant spelling of English unisex Bailey, meaning "bailiff." 
BAILY: Variant spelling of English unisex Bailey, meaning "bailiff." 
BAMBI: English unisex name, derived from the Italian word bambino, meaning "child." 
BAMBIE: Variant spelling of English unisex Bambi, meaning "child."
BARB: English short form of Greek Barbara, meaning "foreign; strange."
BARBARA (Βαρβάρα): Greek name derived from the feminine form of the word barbaros, once used to refer to the unintelligible chatter of foreigners which sounded like "bar-bar" to the Greeks, hence "foreign; strange." 
BARBARY: Medieval English form of Greek Barbara, meaning "foreign; strange."
BARBIE: English pet form of Greek Barbara, meaning "foreign; strange."
BARBRA: English contracted form of Greek Barbara, meaning "foreign; strange."
BASEMATH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Bosmath, meaning "spice" or "sweet smelling." 
BASHEMATH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Bosmath, meaning "spice" or "sweet smelling." 
BASMATH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Bosmath, meaning "spice" or "sweet smelling." In the bible, this is the name of a wife of Esau, and a daughter of Solomon.
BAYLEE: Feminine variant spelling of English unisex Bailey, meaning "bailiff."
BEA: Short form of English Beatrix, meaning "voyager (through life)." 
BEATIE: Pet form of English Beatrix, meaning "voyager (through life)." 
BEATRICE: Italian form of Latin Viatrix, meaning "voyager (through life)."
BEATRIX: English form of Latin Viatrix, meaning "voyager (through life)."
BECCA: Short form of English Rebecca, meaning "ensnarer."
BECCI: Pet form of English Rebecca, meaning "ensnarer."
BECKA: Short form of English Rebecka, meaning "ensnarer."
BECKAH: Short form of English Rebeckah, meaning "ensnarer."
BECKY: Pet form of English Rebecka, meaning "ensnarer."
BEE: Pet form of English Beatrix, meaning "voyager (through life)."
BEKKI: Variant spelling of English Becky, meaning "ensnarer."
BELINDA: Possibly a contracted form of Old High German Betlinde, meaning "bright serpent" or "bright linden tree."
BELITA: English name composed of Latin bella "beautiful" and a diminutive suffix, hence "little beauty." 
BELL: Variant spelling of English Belle, meaning "beautiful." 
BELLE: English name derived from the French vocabulary word for "beautiful." It is often used in compound names, sometimes in the abbreviated form -bel.
BELLINDA: English variant spelling of German Belinda, meaning "bright serpent" or "bright linden tree."
BELPHOEBE: English literary name from Spencer's Faerie Queene, compounded of the Latin bella "beautiful" and Phoebe ("shining one"), hence "beautiful shining one."
BELYNDA: English variant spelling of German Belinda, meaning "bright serpent" or "bright linden tree."
BENEDICTA: Feminine form of Latin Benedictus, meaning "blessed." 
BENJAMINA: Feminine form of English Benjamin, meaning "blessed."
BERENICE: Latin form of Macedonian Greek Berenike, meaning "bringer of victory." In the bible, this is the name of the eldest daughter of Herod Agrippa.
BERLIN: From the German city name of uncertain etymology, possibly related to the Old Polabian stem berl-, meaning "swamp."
BERNADETTE: Contracted form of French Bernardette, meaning "bold as a bear."
BERNADINE: Contracted form of French Bernardine, meaning "bold as a bear."
BERNICE: Latin form of Greek Bernike, meaning "bringer of victory." In the bible, this is the name of the eldest daughter of Herod Agrippa. This is the form used in the Authorized Version. 
BERNIECE: English variant spelling of Latin Bernice, meaning "bringer of victory."
BERRY: English name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning simply "berry." Compare with masculine Berry.
BERTA: Czech and Polish form of German Bertha, meaning "bright."
BERTHA: Old German name derived from the word berht, meaning "bright." 
BERTIE: English pet form of German Bertha, meaning "bright." Compare with masculine Bertie.
BERTRED: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Beorhtraed, meaning "bright counsel." 
BERYL: English gem name meaning "beryl," from Greek beryllos, a word applied to all green gemstones. 
BESS: Pet form of English Elizabeth, meaning "God is my oath." 
BESSIE: Pet form of English Elizabeth, meaning "God is my oath." 
BESSY: Variant spelling of English Bessie, a pet form of Elizabeth, meaning "God is my oath." 
BET: Short form of English Elizabeth, meaning "God is my oath." 
BETA: English name derived from the second letter of the Greek alphabet, beta, related to Hebrew bet, meaning "house." 
BETH: Short form of English Elizabeth, meaning "God is my oath." 
BETHANIE: English form of Greek Bethania, meaning "house of dates" or "house of misery."
BETHANY: Anglicized form of Greek Bethania, meaning "house of dates" or "house of misery." In the bible, this is the name of a place near Jerusalem where Jesus stayed during the Holy Week.
BETHEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Beth-El, meaning "house of God." In the bible, this is the name of an ancient city of the Canaanites, later of the Benjamites. 
BETHNEY: Variant spelling of English Bethany, meaning "house of dates" or "house of misery."
BETONY: Name of a plant of the mint family once popular in herbal medicine, occasionally used as a forename. It is also called woundwort and lousewort. It is said to possibly derive from Celtic bew "head" and ton "good," because it is good for complaints of the head. Pliny said that the original name of this plant was Vettonica, from the Vettones, an ancient Iberian tribe. 
BETSY: Pet form of English Elizabeth, meaning "God is my oath."
BETTE: Pet form of English Elizabeth, meaning "God is my oath."
BETTIE: Pet form of English Elizabeth, meaning "God is my oath."
BETTINA: Elaborated form of English Betty, meaning "God is my oath." Compare with another form of Bettina.
BETTY: Pet form of English Elizabeth, meaning "God is my oath."
BETTYE: Variant spelling of English Betty, meaning "God is my oath."
BEULAH (בְּעוּלָה): A derivative of Hebrew Ba'al ("to marry; to be lord, master, possessor"), meaning "she who is married." In the bible, this is an allegorical name for the land of Israel. 
BEVERLY: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the name of a place in Humberside composed of the Old English elements beofor "beaver" and lēac "stream," hence "beaver stream." The masculine form of the name is spelled with an extra "e"--Beverley.
BEVIN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Béibhinn, meaning "fair lady." 
BIBI: From a French word used as a term of endearment, meaning "bauble, toy."
BIDDY: Pet form of English Bridget, meaning "exalted one." It was rarely used after it acquired the negative connotation "old biddy." Compare with another form of Biddy.
BIJOU: English name derived from the French word bijou, meaning "jewel."
BILLIE: Feminine form of English Billy, meaning "will-helmet."
BINDY: English pet form of German Belinda, possibly meaning "bright serpent" or "bright linden tree."
BITHIA: Variant spelling of English Bithiah, meaning "daughter of God."
BITHIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Bithyah, meaning "daughter of God." In the bible, this is the name of a daughter of Pharoah.
BLAIR: Scottish unisex name derived from any of a number of places in Scotland called Blair, derived from the Gaelic word blàr, meaning "field, plain," most often referring to a "battlefield." 
BLANCH: English variant spelling of French Blanche, meaning "white."
BLANDA: English name derived from Latin blanda, meaning "cherishing." 
BLANID: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Bláthnat, meaning "little flower."
BLESSING: Old English name meaning "consecration."
BLISS: Old English unisex name derived from the word bliss, meaning "joy; happiness." 
BLONDIE: English byname transferred to forename use, meaning "blonde."
BLOSSOM: 19th century pet name derived from Old English blōstm, meaning "flowers on a fruit-tree (or ornamental tree)."
BLUEBELL: American flower name popular in the 19th century, but rarely used today.
BLYTHE: Old English surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from the word blīðe, meaning "cheerful, happy."
BOBBI: Unisex pet form of English Robert and Roberta, meaning "bright fame." 
BOBBIE: Pet form of English Roberta, meaning "bright fame."
BONDUCA: English variant form of Celtic Boudica, meaning "victory."
BONITA: Spanish name meaning "pretty."
BONNIE: English name derived from the Scottish word bonnie "pretty." 
BONNY: Variant spelling of English Bonnie, meaning both "good" and "pretty." 
BRADY: Irish surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Brádaigh, meaning "descendant of Brádach," hence "large-chested."
BRAIDY: Variant spelling of English unisex Brady, meaning "broad-chested." 
BRANDE: Variant spelling of English Brandy, meaning simply "brandy."
BRANDI: Variant spelling of English Brandy, meaning simply "brandy."
BRANDIE: Variant spelling of English Brandy, meaning simply "brandy."
BRANDY: English name derived from the name of the liquor, popular in America in the 1970s and '80s. 
BREANA: Feminine form of Irish Brian, meaning "high hill."
BREANN: Feminine form of Irish Brian, meaning "high hill."
BREANNA: Feminine form of Irish Brian, meaning "high hill."
BREANNE: Feminine form of Irish Brian, meaning "high hill."
BREDA: Variant spelling of English Breeda, meaning "exalted one."
BREE: English form of Irish Brígh, meaning "force, strength."
BREEDA: Anglicized form of Irish Bríd, meaning "exalted one."
BRENDA: Old Irish and Scottish name believed to be of Scandinavian origin, from Old Norse brandr, meaning "sword." 
BRENNA: Feminine form of Irish Brian, meaning "high hill."
BRETT: English unisex name meaning, "a Breton."
BRIANNA: Feminine form of Irish Brian, meaning "high hill."
BRIAR: English unisex name derived from the plant name briar, from Old English brer, meaning "prickly bush."
BRIDGET: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Bríghid, meaning "exalted one."
BRIDGETTE: Variant spelling of English Bridget, meaning "exalted one."
BRIELLE: English short form of French Gabrielle, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
BRIER: Variant spelling of English unisex Briar, meaning "briar plant."
BRIONY: Variant spelling of English Bryony, meaning "to grow, sprout, swell."
BRITANNIA: Latin name for the personification of the British Empire, meaning "Britain."
BRITNEY: Variant spelling of English Brittany, meaning "Little Britain."
BRITT: Pet form of English Brittany, meaning "little Britain."
BRITTA: Pet form of English Brittany, meaning "little Britain."
BRITTANI: Variant spelling of English Brittany, meaning "little Britain."
BRITTANIA: Variant spelling of Latin Britannia, meaning "Britain."
BRITTANY: In the 4th century Romano-British tribes from across the English Channel began to settle in a northwestern region of France. Their numbers increased as raiding and settling by Anglo-Saxon invaders in Britain increased. The French named the region where the Briton immigrants settled Bretagne (Brittany in English), meaning "little Britain."
BRITTNEY: Variant spelling of English Brittany, meaning "little Britain."
BRITTNY: Variant spelling of English Brittany, meaning "little Britain."
BROGAN: Irish surname transferred to unisex forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Brógáin, meaning "descendant of Brógán," hence "little shoe."
BRONTE: Altered form of Irish Prunty, a form of Gaelic Ó Proinntigh, meaning "descendant of Proinnteach," a personal name that was originally a byname meaning "banquet hall (denoting a "generous person")." In Prunty's altered form (Bronte), the name is identical to the Sicilian place name and the name of a mythological horse of the Sun, meaning "thunder." But Prunty was probably purposely altered to Bronte by bearers of the name who admired Lord Nelson who was awarded the title of Duke of Bronte in 1799 by Ferdinand, King of the Two Sicilies. 
BROOK: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, from Old English broc, meaning "brook, stream."
BROOKE: Variant spelling of English unisex Brook, meaning "brook, stream."
BROOKLYN: English compound name composed of Brook "brook, stream" and Lyn "lake."
BRYANA: English feminine form of Irish Brian, meaning "high hill."
BRYANNA: English feminine form of Irish Brian, meaning "high hill."
BRYANNE: English feminine form of Irish Brian, meaning "high hill."
BRYONY: English name derived from the flower name, a tendril-climbing, perennial herb plant. Some species are used medicinally. The name derives from Latin bryonia, from Greek bryo, meaning "to grow, sprout, swell."
BUFFY: Pet form of English Elizabeth, meaning "God is my oath."
BUNNY: English pet form of Latin Berenice, meaning "bringer of victory."
BUNTY: English name, probably derived from an old nursery rhyme about "baby bunting."
BURGUNDY: English name derived from the wine name, from the name of a place in France which got its name from Latin Burgundiones, literally meaning "highlanders." May also sometimes be given as a color name.
CACIA: Short form of English Acacia, meaning "not evil." 
CADENCE: English unisex name derived from the vocabulary word, from Latin cadens "to fall," hence "flow of rhythm."
CADY: Variant spelling of English Katie, meaning "pure." 
CAELIE: Variant spelling of English Kaylie, meaning "slender."
CAETLIN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Caitlín, meaning "pure."
CAILEIGH: Variant spelling of English Kayleigh, meaning "slender."
CAILYN: Anglicized form of Irish Cailín, meaning "girl."
CAITLYN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Caitlín, meaning "pure."
CALANTHA: English name derived from the name of the heroine of John Ford's tragedy "The Broken Heart," 1633, composed of the Greek elements kalos "beautiful" and anthos "flower," hence "beautiful flower." 
CALANTHE: Variant spelling of English Calantha, meaning "beautiful flower." This is the name of a genus of orchid flowers.
CALANTHIA: Variant spelling of English Calantha, meaning "beautiful flower."
CALEIGH: Variant spelling of English Kayley, meaning "slender."
CALIDA: English name derived from the Spanish word, calida, meaning "hot." 
CALLA: English name derived from the name of the Calla Lily, from Greek kallaia, meaning "wattle of a cock," from kallos meaning "beauty." 
CALLIDORA: English name composed of the Greek elements kallos "beauty" and doron "gift," hence "gift of beauty."
CALLIE: English pet form of Latin Callista, meaning "most beautiful."
CALTHA: English name derived from the flower name, also known as the kingcup and marsh marigold, derived from the Greek word calyx, meaning "cup," denoting the shape of the flowers when they open.
CAMELLIA: English name derived from the Latin name of the flowering evergreen shrub, camellia, named after the Czech-born missionary/botanist Georg Josef Kamel, from the word kamel, meaning "camel."
CAMEO: English jewelry name, derived from the Italian word cammeo, from either Arabic qamaa'il "flower buds" or Persian chumahan, meaning "agate."
CAMERON: Scottish surname transferred to unisex forename use, from the name of the great Highland clans whose ancestor had an ungraceful proboscis, composed of the Gaelic elements cam "bent, crooked" and sròn "nose," hence "crooked nose."
CAMILLA: Feminine form of Roman Latin Camillus, possibly meaning "attendant (for a temple)." In mythology, this is the name of a warrior maiden and queen of the Volsci. 
CAMILLE: French unisex form of Roman Latin Camilla, possibly meaning "attendant (for a temple)."
CAMMIE: English pet form of Roman Latin Camilla, possibly meaning "attendant (for a temple)."
CAMRYN: English feminine variant spelling of Scottish unisex Cameron, meaning "crooked nose."
CANDACE: Latin form of Greek Kandake, which is of foreign origin, meaning "prince of servants." In Acts 8:27 of the New Testament bible, a queen of Ethiopia is referred to by this name. But it was not actually a personal name, but the name of a dynasty of Ethiopian queens. 
CANDI: Variant spelling of English Candy, meaning either "candy" the sweet, or "prince of servants."
CANDICE: English variant spelling of Latin Candace, meaning "prince of servants."
CANDIDA: English name derived from Latin candida, meaning "clear and white," like pure quartz rather than the whiteness of milk. George Bernard Shaw used this name for his 1895 play of the same name.
CANDIS: English variant spelling of Latin Candace, meaning "prince of servants."
CANDY: 
English name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning  "candy."
English pet form of Latin Candace, meaning "prince of servants."
CANDYCE: English variant spelling of Latin Candace, meaning "prince of servants."
CAPRINA: English name derived from the name of the Italian island of Capri. The Latin name for Capri is Capreæ, meaning "goats." But the Greeks were the first to populate the island. Latin Capreæ may be a derivative of Greek kapros, meaning "wild boar."
CAPUCINE: From the French flower name, meaning "nasturtium." This name was borne by the French actress who played Inspector Clouseau's wife in "The Pink Panther."
CARA: Modern English name derived either from Italian cara, a term of endearment meaning "beloved," or from the Irish Gaelic word cara, meaning "friend."
CARAMIA: English name derived from the Italian phrase cara mia, meaning "my beloved."
CAREEN: Possibly a diminutive form of English Cara, hence "beloved" or "friend." The name first appears in Margaret Mitchell's novel Gone With the Wind, where it is the name of a sister of Scarlett. 
CAREN: English variant spelling of Danish Karen, meaning "pure."
CAREY: Variant spelling of English unisex Cary, meaning "dark one." 
CARI: Variant spelling of English unisex Cary, meaning "dark one." 
CARIN: English variant spelling of Danish Karen, meaning "pure."
CARINA: 
19th-century English elaborated form of Latin cara, meaning "beloved."
From the constellation Carina, from Latin carina, which originally meant "shell of a nut," later "keel of a ship."
CARINE: Variant spelling of English Careen, meaning "beloved" or "friend." 
CARIS: English variant spelling of Latin Charis, meaning "grace."
CARISSA: Variant spelling of English Charissa, meaning "grace."
CARITA: Pet form of English Cara, meaning "beloved" or "friend."
CARLA: 
Feminine form of German Carl, meaning "man."
Feminine form of Italian Carlo, meaning "man."
CARLENE: Pet form of German Carla, meaning "man."
CARLEY: Variant spelling of English Carlie, meaning "man."
CARLIE: English pet form of German Carla, meaning "man."
CARLIN: Irish Gaelic unisex name meaning "little champion."
CARLISA: English blend of German Carla "man" and English Lisa "God is my oath."
CARLOTA: Variant spelling of Italian Carlotta, meaning "man."
CARLOTTA: Pet form of Italian Carla, meaning "man."
CARLY: Variant spelling of English Carlie, meaning "man."
CARLYN: Feminine variant spelling of Irish Gaelic unisex Carlin, meaning "little champion." 
CARMEL (כַּרְמֶל): Latin feminine form of Hebrew unisex Karmel, meaning "garden-land." In the bible, this is the name of a mountain in the Holy Land.
CARNATION: English name derived from the flower name, from French carnation, meaning "complexion," from Italian carnagione, meaning "flesh-colored." 
CAROL: English form of French Carole, meaning "man." Compare with masculine Carol.
CAROLINE: Pet form of French Carole, meaning "man."
CAROLYN: English variant spelling of French Caroline, meaning "man."
CARON: Variant spelling of English Caren, meaning "man." Compare with another form of Caron.
CARREEN: Variant spelling of English Careen, possibly meaning "beloved" or "friend." 
CARRIE: English pet form of French Caroline, meaning "man."
CARRY: Variant spelling of English Carrie, meaning "man." 
CARY: Irish surname transferred to unisex forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Ciardha, "descendant of Ciardha ("black, dark"), hence "dark one." 
CARYL: Variant spelling of English Carol, meaning "man."
CARYN: English form of Danish Karen, meaning "pure."
CASEY: Variant spelling of English Cassie, meaning "she who entangles men." Compare with masculine Casey. 

CASS: English short form of Latin Cassandra, meaning "she who entangles men." 
CASSANDRA: Latin form of Greek Kassandra, meaning "she who entangles men." In mythology, this is the name of King Priam's daughter to whom Apollo gave the gift of foresight then later caused her prophecies to be ignored because she refused his advances. 
CASSIA: Latin form of Hebrew Qetsiyah, meaning "cassia," a bark similar to cinnamon. 
CASSIAH: Variant spelling of Latin Cassia, meaning "cassia," a bark similar to cinnamon. 
CASSIDY: English unisex name derived from the Gaelic surname Ó Caiside, "descendant of Caiside," hence "curly(-headed)." 
CASSIE: Pet form of English Cass, meaning "she who entangles men."
CATE: Variant spelling of English Kate, meaning "pure."
CATELINE: Variant form of Old French Caterine, meaning "pure."
CATH: English short form of French Catherine, meaning "pure."
CATHARINE: Variant spelling of French Catherine, meaning "pure."
CATHERINE: Later spelling of Old French Caterine, meaning "pure."
CATHLEEN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Caitlín, meaning "pure."
CATHRYN: English variant spelling of French Catharine, meaning "pure."
CATHY: English pet form of French Catharine, meaning "pure."
CATRINA: Contracted form of English Catriona, meaning "pure."
CATRIONA: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Catríona and Scottish Gaelic Catrìona, both meaning "pure."
CAYLEY: Variant spelling of English Kayley, meaning "slender."
CAYLIN: Variant spelling of English Kaylin, meaning "girl."
CEARA: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Ciara, meaning "little black one."
CEARRA: Variant spelling of English Ceara, meaning "little black one."
CECELIA: Variant spelling of English Cecilia, meaning "blind."
CECILIA: English form of Latin Cæcilia, meaning "blind." 
CECILY: Medieval form of English Cecilia, meaning "blind."
CEDAR: English name derived from the tree name, meaning simply "cedar."
CELANDINE: English name derived from the name of a yellow wildflower, from Greek chelidon, meaning "a swallow bird." 
CELESTE: English form of French Céleste, meaning "heavenly."
CELESTINE: English form of French Célestine, meaning "heavenly."
CELIA: Contracted form of English English Cecilia, meaning "blind." Compare with another form of Celia.
CELINDA: Modern English name, possibly a blend of Celandine (bird and flower name) and Linda from the Spanish word meaning "pretty."
CELOSIA: English name derived from the flower name (sometimes called cockcombs or woolflowers), from Greek kelos, meaning "burned."
CHALICE: English name derived from the word, chalice, from Latin calix, meaning "cup."
CHANCE: English unisex name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "chance."
CHANEL: Modern English name derived from a Parisian fashion house founded by Coco Chanel whose surname meant "pipe." 
CHANELLE: Variant spelling of English Chanel, meaning "pipe."
CHANTALE: English variant spelling of French Chantal, meaning "stony place."
CHANTÉ: English name derived from the French word for "sung."
CHANTEL: English variant spelling of French Chantal, meaning "stony place."
CHANTELLE: Elaborated form of English Chantel, meaning "stony place."
CHARIS: Latin form of Greek Kharis, meaning "charm, grace, kindness." In mythology, this is the singular form of plural Kharites (Charites), a name for the goddesses of charm.
CHARISMA: English name derived from the vocabulary word charisma, from Greek charis, meaning "charm, grace, kindness." 
CHARISSA: English elaborated form of Latin Charis, meaning "grace."
CHARITA: Variant form of English Charity, meaning "dear." 
CHARITY: English name derived from the vocabulary word charity, from Latin caritas, from carus, meaning "dear." It is one of the virtue names that were popular with the Puritans; some others are Chastity, Faith, Honor, Hope, and Prudence. 
CHARLA: Pet form of English Charlene, meaning "man."
CHARLEEN: Variant spelling of English Charlene, meaning "man."
CHARLENE: English form of French Charline, meaning "man."
CHARLEY: Variant spelling of English unisex Charlie, meaning "man."
CHARLIE: Unisex pet form of English Charles and Charlene, meaning "man."
CHARLOTTE: Feminine form of French Charlot, meaning "man."
CHARMAINE: English name of Latin origin, meaning "sing." 
CHARMIAN: English name derived from Greek charma, meaning "delight." 
CHASITY: Variant spelling of English Chastity, meaning "purity."
CHASTITY: English name meaning "purity." It is one of the virtue names that were popular with the Puritans; some others are Charity, Faith, Honor, Hope, and Prudence. 
CHELLE: English short form of French Michelle, meaning "who is like God?"
CHELSEA: English name derived from the name of a district in London, meaning "landing place" or "landing port."
CHELSEY: Variant spelling of English Chelsea, meaning "landing place" or "landing port."
CHELSIE: Variant spelling of English Chelsea, meaning "landing place" or "landing port."
CHER: Short form of English Cheryl, probably meaning "darling beryl."
CHERETTE: Pet form of English Cherie, meaning "darling," and other names beginning with Cher-.
CHERI: Variant spelling of English Cherie, meaning "darling."
CHERICE: Variant spelling of English Cherise, meaning "cherry."
CHERIE: English name derived from the French word chérie, meaning "darling."
CHERILYN: English compound name composed of Cheri "darling" and Lyn "lake," hence "darling lake."
CHERISE: English variant spelling of French Cerise, meaning "cherry."
CHERISH: English name derived from the vocabulary word cherish, meaning "to cherish; to hold dear."
CHEROKEE: Unisex name derived from the English pronunciation of Tsa-la-gi, a name that the Native American Cherokee people used to refer to themselves, meaning "principal people."
CHERRY: 
English name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "cherry."
Variant spelling of English Cherie, meaning "darling." 
CHERYL: This English name first appeared in the 1920s and is probably a blend of Cherie "darling" and the gem name Beryl, hence "darling beryl."

CHEVONNE: English pronunciation of Irish Gaelic Siobhán, meaning "God is gracious."
CHEYANNE: Variant spelling of English unisex Cheyenne, meaning "little Šahíya" or "little red-talker."
CHEYENNE: English unisex name derived from the name of the Native American people, from Dakota Sioux Šahíyena, meaning "little Šahíya" or "little red-talker."
CHINA: English name derived from the country name which probably got its name from the Qin dynasty. The Chinese people call their country Zhongguo which translates to "middle kingdom." Compare with another form of China.
CHITA: Middle English name meaning "kitten." Compare with other forms of Chita.
CHLOE: Latin form of Greek Chloē, meaning "green shoot." In mythology, this is a surname of the goddess Demeter. In the New Testament bible, this name is mentioned by Paul in 1 Corinthians 1:11.
CHLORIS: Latin form of Greek Khloris, meaning "green buds." In mythology, this is the name of a goddess of flowers and vegetation.
CHONSIE: Feminine form of English Chauncey, meaning "good fortune."
CHRIS: English unisex short form of longer names beginning with Chris-.
CHRISSIE: English pet form of French Christine, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
CHRISSY: Variant spelling of English Chrissie, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
CHRISTA: Contracted form of Latin Christina, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
CHRISTABEL: Variant spelling of English Christabelle, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ" and Belle, "beautiful." 
CHRISTABELLA: English compound name composed of French Christine "believer" or "follower of Christ" and Latin Bella "beautiful."
CHRISTABELLE: English compound name composed of French Christine "believer" or "follower of Christ" and French Belle "beautiful."
CHRISTAL: Variant spelling of English Crystal, meaning "crystal, ice."
CHRISTEL: Variant spelling of English Crystal, meaning "crystal, ice."
CHRISTELLE: Pet form of French Christine, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
CHRISTEN: English variant spelling of German Kristen, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
CHRISTI: Variant spelling of English Christie, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
CHRISTIANA: Feminine form of Latin Christianus, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
CHRISTIANNE: Feminine form of English Christian, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
CHRISTIE: English pet form of Latin Christina, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
CHRISTIN: English abbreviated form of French Christine or Latin Christina, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
CHRISTINA: Variant spelling of Latin Christiana, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
CHRISTINE: French from of Latin Christina, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
CHRISTOBEL: Variant spelling of English Christabel, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ" and "beautiful."
CHRISTY: Variant spelling of English Christie, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ." Compare with masculine Christy.
CHRYSANTA: Latin form of Greek Chrysanthe, meaning "golden flower."
CHRYSSA: English pet form of Latin Chrysanta, meaning "golden flower."
CHRYSTAL: Variant spelling of English Crystal, meaning "crystal, ice."
CHYNA: Variant spelling of English China, derived from the country name which probably got its name from the Qin dynasty. The Chinese people call their country Zhongguo which translates to "middle kingdom."
CICELY: Variant spelling of English Cecily, meaning "blind."
CIEL: English name derived from the French word for "sky."
CIERA: Variant spelling of English Sierra, meaning "mountain range."
CIERRA: Variant spelling of English Sierra, meaning "mountain range."
CILLA: Pet form of English Cecilia, meaning "blind."
CIMONE: English variant spelling of French Simone, meaning "hearkening."
CINDERELLA: English form of French Cendrillon, meaning "little ashes."
CINDRA: Modern English name, probably a blend of Cindy "woman from Kynthos" and Sandra "defender of mankind."
CINDY: English pet form of Latin Cynthia, meaning "woman from Kynthos." 
CIS: Short form of English Cissy, meaning "blind."
CISS: Short form of English Cissy, meaning "blind."
CISSY: Pet form of English Cecilia, meaning "blind."
CLAIR: English variant spelling of French Claire, meaning "clear, bright." 
CLAIRE: French form of Latin Clara, meaning "clear, bright."
CLAIRENE: Pet form of French Claire, meaning "clear, bright."
CLARA: Feminine form of Latin Clarus, meaning "clear, bright." In use by the English and Italians.
CLARABELLA: English compound name composed of Latin Clara "clear, bright" and Bella "beautiful," hence "bright beauty."
CLARABELLE: Variant spelling of English Clarabella, meaning "bright beauty."
CLARAMAE: English compound name composed of Latin Clara, "clear; bright," and English Mae "pearl" or "obstinate, rebellious."
CLARAMAY: Variant spelling of English Claramae, meaning "bright pearl" or "bright rebel."
CLARE: English form of Latin Clara, meaning "clear, bright." Compare with masculine Clare.
CLARETTA: Pet form of Latin Clara, meaning "clear, bright."
CLARETTE: Pet form of English Clare, meaning "clear, bright."
CLARIBEL: Variant spelling of English Clarabelle, meaning "bright and beautiful." 
CLARICE: Medieval French form of Latin Clarissa, meaning "fame."
CLARISSA: Diminutive form of Latin Clara, meaning "fame." 
CLARITY: English name derived from the vocabulary word clarity, from Latin clarus, meaning "clear."
CLAUDETTE: Diminutive form of French Claudia, meaning "little lame one."
CLAUDIA: Feminine form of French Claude, meaning "lame."
CLAUDIE: Pet form of French Claudia, meaning "lame."
CLAUDINE: Diminutive form of French Claudia, meaning "little lame one."
CLEMATIS: English name derived from the name of the flowering vine clematis, from Greek klema, meaning "branch or brushwood." 
CLEMENCY: Feminine form of Latin Clement, meaning "gentle and merciful."
CLEMENTINE: French form of Latin Clementina, meaning "of Clementius."
CLEO: Short form of Latin Cleopatra, meaning "glory of the father."
CLEOPATRA: Latin form of Greek Kleopatra, meaning "glory of the father." Cleopatra VII reigned as Queen of Egypt from 51-30 B.C. She was born in 69 B.C. in Alexandria, Egypt and is believed to have been black African. 
CLOVER: Old English flower name, meaning simply "clover."
COCO: Originally from the Italian occupational name for a "cook," it is now in continental use as a pet form of longer names beginning with Co-.
CODIE: Variant spelling of English unisex Cody, meaning "helper."
CODY: Irish surname transferred to unisex forename use, from a variant spelling of the surname Cuddihy (also spelled Cuddy), an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Cuidighthigh "descendant of Cuidightheach," hence "helper."
COLEEN: Variant spelling of English Colleen, meaning "girl." 
COLENA: Variant spelling of English Colleen, meaning "girl."
COLENE: Variant spelling of English Colleen, meaning "girl."
COLETTE: Short form of French Nicolette, meaning "victor of the people."
COLINE: Variant spelling of English Colleen, meaning "girl."
COLLEEN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Cailín, meaning "girl."
COLLYN: Variant spelling of English Colleen, meaning "girl."
COLUMBINE: English name derived from the plant name columbine, from Late Latin columbina, meaning "verbina" or "dovelike," so-called because when inverted the flower resembles a cluster of doves. Compare with another form of Columbine.
COMFORT: English name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "to comfort, help, strengthen."
CONCORDIA: Latin name meaning "harmony; peace; with (one) heart." In mythology, this is the name of a goddess of peace. Her Greek name is Harmonia.
CONNIE: Pet form of English/French Constance, meaning "steadfast."
CONRADINE: Feminine form of German Conrad, meaning "bold counsel."
CONSTANCE: English form of Latin Constantia, meaning "steadfast." 
CORA: Latin form of Greek Kore, meaning "maiden." In mythology, this is a name borne by Persephone, a goddess of the underworld.
CORAL: English name derived from the gem name, from Latin corallium, probably ultimately from Hebrew goral, meaning "small pebble."
CORALIE: Pet form of English Coral, meaning "coral" or "small pebble."
CORDELIA: English name which may be an elaborated form of the Latin word cor, meaning "heart." This is the name of a legendary queen of the Britons. It is also the name of a moon of Uranus and an asteroid, both of which were named after a Shakespeare character who also bore this name.
CORIANDER: English name derived from the spice name coriander (also commonly called Cilantro), from Latin coriandrum, from Greek corys ("bedbug") with the added element -ander "resembling" (referring to the smell of the spice which is similar to the odor of bedbugs), hence "smells like a bedbug."
CORLISS: English surname transferred to forename use, from a byname derived from Old English carleas, composed of the elements caru "care; grief" and leas "without," hence "carefree."
CORNELIA: Feminine form of Roman Latin Cornelius, meaning "of a horn." 
CORONA: English name derived from the vocabulary word, Latin corona, meaning "crown, garland, wreath." The outer atmosphere of a star is called a corona.
CORRINA: English variant spelling of Latin Corinna, meaning "maiden."
CORRINE: English variant spelling of French Corinne, meaning "maiden."
CORTNEY: Variant spelling of English unisex Courtney, meaning "short nose."
CORYNN: English variant spelling of French Corinne, meaning "maiden."
COURTNEY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, from the French baronial name Courtenay, from the nickname court nez, meaning "short nose." 
CRESSIDA: From the English literary name found in various retellings of the Trojan War, based on the Greek name Khryseis, from khrysos, meaning "gold."
CRISTAL: Variant spelling of English Crystal, meaning "crystal, ice."
CRISTEN: English variant spelling of Scandinavian Kristin, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
CRISTINA: Variant spelling of Latin Christina, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
CRYSTAL: English name derived from the gem name, from Greek krystallos, meaning "ice."
CYAN: English name derived from the vocabulary word, from Greek kyanos, meaning "dark blue" and "lapis lazuli." The color cyan is also sometimes called blue-green, electric blue, and turquoise. 
CYBILL: English variant spelling of Greek Sybil, meaning "prophetess." 
CYMONE: English variant spelling of French Simone, meaning "hearkening."
CYNDI: Variant spelling of English Cindy, meaning "woman from Kynthos." 
CYNTHIA: Latin form of Greek Kynthia, meaning "woman from Kynthos." In mythology, this was another name for Artemis.
CYRILLA: Feminine form of English Cyril, meaning "lord."
DACEY: Irish surname transferred to unisex forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Déiseach which was originally a name for a member of the Déise, "a tenant, a vassal," a word tracing back to Indo-European *dem-s ("house"). 
DAFFODIL: English name derived from the flower name, from Latin asphodelus, from Greek asphodelos, meaning "asphodel flower." In Greek mythology, it is described as a pale yellow deathless kind of lily flower that overspreads the plains of Hades and is the favorite food of the dead. 
DAHLIA: English name derived from the flower name, from the surname of Swedish botanist Anders Dahl, meaning "valley," hence "dahlia flower" or "valley flower."
DAISY: English name derived from the flower name, from Old English dægeseage, "day's eye." 
DAKOTA: English unisex name derived from the name that the Sioux people call themselves, literally meaning "allies."
DALE: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, meaning "dale, valley."
DALIA: Variant spelling of English Dahlia, meaning "dahlia flower" or "valley flower."
DALILAH: Variant spelling of English Delilah, meaning "delicate, weak." 
DALINDA: Variant spelling of English Delinda, meaning "noble serpent." 
DARINA: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Dáiríne, meaning "fertile, fruitful."
DALLAS: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from the Scottish place name Dalfhas, composed of the Gaelic elements dail "meadow" and fhas "stance," hence "meadow stance," i.e. a meadow used by cattle droves as an overnight dwelling.
DALYA: Variant spelling of English Dahlia, meaning "dahlia flower."
DAMIA: Feminine form of English Damian, meaning "to tame, to subdue" and euphemistically "to kill." 
DAMIANA: Feminine form of English Damian, meaning "to tame, to subdue" and euphemistically "to kill." 
DANA: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, possibly meaning "from Denmark." Compare with other forms of Dana.
DANDRANE: English form of Welsh Danbrann, the Arthurian legend name of the sister of Percival, sometimes known as the "Grail heroine." She is a major character in many of the Holy Grail stories.
DANDRENOR: Later form of English Dandrane, the Arthurian legend name of the sister of Percival, sometimes known as the "Grail heroine." She is a major character in many of the Holy Grail stories.
DANI: English pet form of French Danielle, meaning "God is my judge."
DANIELLE: French feminine form of Hebrew Daniyel, meaning "God is my judge." 
DANNI: English pet form of French Danielle, meaning "God is my judge." Compare with masculine Danni.
DAPHNE (Δάφνη): Greek name meaning "laurel." In mythology, this is the name of a nymph who was turned into a laurel tree by her father so that she might escape Apollo's unwanted attentions.
DARA: Middle English name meaning "brave, daring." Compare with another form of Dara.
DARBY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, possibly a corruption of Derby, a shire of England, so called from doire, meaning "a forest abounding in deer." 
DARCEY: Feminine form of English unisex Darcy, meaning "from Arcy."
DARCIE: Variant spelling of English unisex Darcy, meaning "from Arcy."
DARCY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, meaning "from Arcy."
DARIAN: English unisex name derived from Roman Latin Darius, meaning "possesses a lot, wealthy."
DARIEN: Variant spelling of English unisex Darian, meaning "possesses a lot, wealthy."
DARINA: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Dáiríne, meaning "fertile, fruitful."
DARLA: Middle English name meaning "dear, darling."
DARLEEN: Variant spelling of English Darlene, meaning "darling."
DARLENE: Pet form of English Darla, meaning "dear, darling." 
DARNELL: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, composed of the Old English elements derne "hidden, secret" and halh "nook," hence "hidden/secret nook."
DARRYL: Unisex form of English Darrell, meaning "from Airelle."
DARYL: Variant spelling of English unisex Darryl, meaning "from Airelle."
DAVIDA (דָוִידָה): Feminine form of Hebrew David, meaning "beloved."
DAVINA: Feminine form of English Davin, meaning "little black one." Compare with another form of Davina.
DAVINIA: Elaborated form of Latin Davina, meaning "beloved."
DAWN: English name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "dawn."
DAY: 
English name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "day."
Feminine form of Middle English Daye, meaning "day."
DAYNA: Variant spelling of Hebrew Dana, possibly meaning "judge." 
DEANA: Feminine form of English Dean, meaning "dean, head, leader."
DEANNA: 
Variant spelling of English Deana, meaning "dean, head, leader."
Variant spelling of English Dinah, meaning "judgment." 
DEANNE: Variant spelling of English Dinah, meaning "judgment." 
DEB: Short form of English Deborah, meaning "bee."
DEBBI: Variant spelling of English Debbie, meaning "bee."
DEBBIE: Pet form of English Deborah, meaning "bee."
DEBBY: Variant spelling of English Debbie, meaning "bee."
DEBI: Pet form of English Deborah, meaning "bee."
DEBORAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Debowrah, meaning "bee." In the bible, this is the name of the nurse of Rebecca, and the prophetess-judge and wife of Lapidoth. 
DEBRA: Contracted form of English Deborah, meaning "bee."
DEBS: Pet form of English Deborah, meaning "bee."
DECIMA: Latin name meaning "tenth." In Roman mythology, the Decima are equated with the Greek Moirae.
DEE:
English unisex short form of longer names beginning with the letter "D." In some cases, it may be of Scottish origin, associated with the River Dee, possibly meaning "dark water."
Short form of English Deena, meaning "dean, head, leader."
DEEANN: English compound name composed of Dee (having various meanings), and Ann, "favor; grace."
DEENA: Variant spelling of English Deana, meaning "dean, head, leader."
DEIRDRE: Celtic legend name of a tragic heroine who committed suicide after the murder of her lover. She is sometimes referred to as Deirdre of the Sorrows. The name is of uncertain derivation. Some sources give the meaning "young girl."
DEJA: English name derived from the French phrase deja vu "already seen," hence "already."
DEL: Pet form of English Adela, meaning "noble." Also used as a short form of other longer names beginning with Del-.
DELANEY: Irish surname transferred to unisex forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Dubhshláine "descendant of Dubhshláine," hence "black challenger."
DELIA (Δήλια): Greek name meaning "of Delos." In mythology, this is a name borne by Artemis, referring to her place of birth.
DELICE: Variant spelling of English Delicia, meaning "delight."
DELICIA: English feminine form of Latin Delicius, meaning "delight." 
DELIGHT: English name derived from the vocabulary word, from Latin delectare, meaning "to allure, delight." 
DELILA: Variant spelling of English Delilah, meaning "delicate, weak."
DELILAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Deliylah, meaning "delicate, weak." In the bible, this is the name of the mistress of Samson.
DELINDA: English name derived from German Adelinda, meaning "noble serpent." 
DELLA: Feminine form of English Dell, meaning "lives in a dell/hollow."
DELLMA: Variant spelling of English Delma, possibly meaning "hospitable."
DELMA: Short form of English Fidelma, possibly meaning "hospitable."
DELORA: English variant spelling of Spanish Dolores, meaning "sorrows."
DELORES: English variant spelling of Spanish Dolores, meaning "sorrows."
DELORIS: English variant spelling of Spanish Dolores, meaning "sorrows."
DELPHIA: English name derived from Philadelphia, the name of a city in the state of Pennsylvania and a city in Asia Minor, composed of the Greek elements phileo "to love" and adelphos "born of the same womb," hence "sibling."
DELPHINA: Latin name meaning "woman from Delphi," a city in Greece whose name probably means "dolphin." 
DELPHINE: French form of Latin Delphina, meaning "woman from Delphi." Because of its association with the "delphinium," this name is sometimes given as a flower name.
DELTA: English name derived from the "fourth" letter of the Greek alphabet.
DEMETRIA: Feminine form of Latin Demetrius, meaning "loves the earth" or "follower of Demeter."
DEMI: English short form of Latin Demetria, meaning "loves the earth" or "follower of Demeter." 
DENA: 
Variant spelling of English Deana, meaning "dean, head, leader."
Variant spelling of English Dinah, meaning "judgment."
DENI: Pet form of French Denise, meaning "follower of Dionysos."
DENICE: English variant spelling of French Denise, meaning "follower of Dionysos."
DENIECE: English variant spelling of French Denise, meaning "follower of Dionysos."
DENISA: English variant spelling of French Denise, meaning "follower of Dionysos."
DENISE: Feminine form French Denis, meaning "follower of Dionysos."
DERBY: Variant spelling of English unisex Darby, meaning "deer farm."
DERRYL: Variant spelling of English unisex Darryl, meaning "from Airelle."
DERVILA: Variant spelling of English Dervla, meaning "true poet."
DERVLA: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Dearbhla, meaning "true poet."
DESDEMONA: Literary name derived from the Greek word dysdaimon, meaning "ill-starred." 
DESIRAE: English form of French Désirée, meaning "desired."
DESPINA: English variant spelling of Latin Despoena, meaning "mistress."
DESTINEE: Variant spelling of English Destiny, meaning "fate, fortune."
DESTINY: English name derived from the vocabulary word, from Latin destinare, "to establish, make firm," hence "fate, fortune."
DEVAN: Variant spelling of English unisex Devon, meaning "worshiper of the god Dumnonos." 
DEVEN: Variant spelling of English unisex Devon, meaning "worshiper of the god Dumnonos." 
DEVNET: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Damhnait, meaning "little fawn."
DEVON: English unisex name derived from the county name, from a British tribal name meaning "worshiper of the god Dumnonos."
DEZIREE: English variant spelling of French Désirée, meaning "desired."
DI: English short form of Latin Diana and French Diane, meaning "divine, heavenly."
DIAMANDA: Feminine variant spelling of English unisex Diamond, meaning "diamond."
DIAMOND: English unisex name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "diamond" for girls and "bright protector" for boys. This is the birthstone for the month of April.
DIANA: Latin name meaning "divine, heavenly." In Roman mythology, this is the name of a goddess of the moon and hunting.
DIANE: French form of Latin Diana, meaning "divine, heavenly."
DIANN: English variant spelling of French Diane, meaning "divine, heavenly."
DIANNA: Variant spelling of Latin Diana, meaning "divine, heavenly."
DIANNE: Variant spelling of French Diane, meaning "divine, heavenly."
DIDI: English short form of Latin Diana, meaning "divine, heavenly." Compare with masculine Didi.
DIDO (Διδώ): Greek name meaning "wanderer." In mythology, this is the name of the founder and first queen of Carthage. She fell in love with Aeneas, and set herself on fire when he left her. 
DINA: Variant spelling of English Dinah, meaning "judgment." Compare with another form of Dina.
DINAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Diynah, meaning "judgment." In the bible, this is the name of a daughter of Jacob.
DINDRAINE: Variant spelling of English Dindrane, the Arthurian legend name of the sister of Percival, sometimes known as the "Grail heroine." She is a major character in many of the Holy Grail stories.
DINDRANE: Variant spelling of English Dandrane, the Arthurian legend name of the sister of Percival, sometimes known as the "Grail heroine." She is a major character in many of the Holy Grail stories. 
DIOT: English pet form of Greek Dionysia, meaning "follower of Dionysos."
DIVINA: English name based on the vocabulary word divine, meaning "goddess-like" or "from heaven."
DIX: Short form of English Dixie, possibly meaning "tenth."
DIXEE: Variant spelling of English Dixie, meaning "tenth."
DIXIE: The origin of the American southern "Dixie" is uncertain; however, Louisiana dollars had the French word dix printed on them, meaning "tenth," and this may have been what inspired the song about "the land of dixies," and later the name itself.
DIXY: Variant spelling of English Dixie, meaning "tenth."
DLILA: Variant spelling of English Delila, meaning "delicate, weak."
DODI: Pet form of English Dorothy, meaning "gift of God." Compare with another form of Dodi.
DODIE: Pet form of English Dorothy, meaning "gift of God." Compare with another form of Dodie.
DOLANNA: Variant form of English Donalda, meaning "world ruler."
DOLENA: Variant form of English Donalda, meaning "world ruler."
DOLINA: Variant form of English Donalda, meaning "world ruler."
DOLLEE: Variant spelling of English Dolly, meaning "gift of God."
DOLLEY: Variant spelling of English Dolly, meaning "gift of God."
DOLLIE: Variant spelling of English Dolly, meaning "gift of God."
DOLLY: Pet form of English Dorothy, meaning "gift of God."
DOLORES: Spanish name derived from a title of the Virgin Mary, Maria de los Dolores ("Mary of Sorrows"), hence "sorrows."
DOMINICA: Feminine form of Latin Dominicus, meaning "belongs to the lord." This is a name traditionally given to a child born on Sunday. 
DOMINIQUE: French unisex form of Latin Dominicus, meaning "belongs to the lord."
DONALDA: Feminine form of English Donald, meaning "world ruler."
DONALDINA: Elaborated form of English Donalda, meaning "world ruler."
DONELLA: Variant form of English Donalda, meaning "world ruler."
DONELLE: Feminine form of Irish Anglicized Donal, meaning "world ruler."
DONNA: 
English name derived from the Italian word donna, meaning "lady."
Short form of English Donalda, meaning "world ruler."
DORA: Pet form of English Dorothy, meaning "gift of God." Compare with another form of Dora.
DORCIA: English name derived from the Italian place name Val d'Orcia (or Valdorcia) of Tuscany, meaning "valley or life (or nature)," hence "life, nature." 
DOREAN: Variant spelling of English Doreen, meaning "gift." 
DOREEN: 
Anglicized form of Gaelic Doireann, meaning "sullen." 
Variant form of English Dora, meaning "gift."  
DORETTA: Diminutive form of English Dora, meaning "little gift."
DORIANE: French feminine form of English Dorian, meaning "of the Dorian tribe."
DORINDA: 18th century elaborated form of English Dora, meaning "gift."
DORINE: Variant spelling of English Doreen, meaning "gift." 
DORIS (Δωρίς): Greek name meaning "bounty" and "unmixed, pure." In mythology, this is the name of a goddess of the sea, consort of Nereus and mother of the Nereids (sea nymphs). 
DOROTHEA: 
Feminine form of Greek Dorotheos, meaning "gift of God."
Feminine form of Latin Dorotheus, meaning "gift of God." 
DOROTHY: English form of Latin Dorothea, meaning "gift of God."
DORRIS: Variant spelling of Greek Doris, meaning "bounty" and "unmixed, pure."
DORTHY: Variant spelling of English Dorothy, meaning "gift of God."
DORY: Pet form of English Dora, meaning "gift."
DOT: Pet form of English Dorothy, meaning "gift of God."
DOTTIE: Pet form of English Dorothy, meaning "gift of God."
DOTTY: Variant spelling of English Dottie, meaning "gift of God."
DREDA: Short form of Middle English Eldreda, meaning "old advisor."
DREW: Feminine adopted use of masculine English Drew, meaning "man; warrior."
DRUSILLA: Feminine diminutive form of Roman Latin Drusus, possibly meaning "oak; strong." 
DUANA: Feminine form of English Duane, meaning "little black one."
DULCIBELLA: English compound name composed of Dulcie "sweet" and the Italian word Bella, "beautiful," hence "sweet beauty."
DULCIE: English form of Latin Dulcia, meaning "sweet."
DYAN: English variant spelling of French Dianne, meaning "divine, heavenly."
DYMPHNA: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Damhnait, meaning "little fawn."
DYMPNA: Variant spelling of English Dymphna, meaning "little fawn."
EARLEEN: Variant spelling of English Earline, meaning "nobleman, prince, warrior."
EARLENE: Variant spelling of English Earline, meaning "nobleman, prince, warrior."
EARLINE: Feminine form of English Earl, meaning "nobleman, prince, warrior."
EARNESTINE: Feminine form of English Earnest, meaning "battle (to the death), serious business."
EARTHA: Old English name meaning "earth, ground."
EASTER: English unisex name derived from the holiday name "Easter," which is related to Old English Eosturmónaþ/Eastermónaþ, meaning "April."
EAVAN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Aoibheann, meaning "beautiful, fair form."
EBONY: English name derived from the vocabulary word ebony, derived from Latin ebenus, from Greek ebenos "ebony tree," from ancient Egyptian hbny, from Hebrew eben "stone," so called because of its hard wood.
ECHO: Latin form of Greek Ekho, meaning "echo, re-sound." In mythology, this is the name of an Oread (mountain nymph) who was cursed by Hera with the voice of the echo as punishment for distracting her with constant chatter. 
EDA: Medieval pet form of English Edith, meaning "rich battle."
EDAIN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Étaín, meaning "face" or perhaps "against" or "opposite."
EDANA: Feminine form of English Edan, meaning "little fire."
EDDA: Variant spelling of English Eda, meaning "rich battle." Compare with another form of Edda.
EDEN (עֵדֶן): Hebrew unisex name meaning "delight" or "place of pleasure." In the bible, this is the name of the garden in which Adam and Eve lived.
EDIE: Pet form of English Edith, meaning "rich battle."
EDINA: Contracted form of English Edwina, meaning "rich friend."
EDIT: Hungarian form of English Edith, meaning "rich battle."
EDITH: Modern English form of Anglo-Saxon Eadgyð, meaning "rich battle."
EDITHE: Variant spelling of English Edith, meaning "rich battle."
EDNA (Hebrew: עֶדְנָה): 
Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Eithne, meaning "kernel."
Hebrew name meaning "delight, pleasure, rejuvenation." In the apocryphal Book of Tobit, this is the name of the mother of Sarah. 
EDNAH: Variant spelling of Hebrew Edna, meaning "delight, pleasure, rejuvenation."
EDWEENA: Variant spelling of English Edwina, meaning "rich friend."
EDWENA: Variant spelling of English Edwina, meaning "rich friend."
EDWINA: Feminine form of English Edwin, meaning "rich friend."
EDWYNA: Variant spelling of English Edwina, meaning "rich friend."
EDYTA: Polish form of English Edith, meaning "rich battle."
EDYTH: Variant spelling of English Edith, meaning "rich battle."
EDYTHA: Elaborated form of English Edyth, meaning "rich battle."
EDYTHE: Elaborated form of English Edyth, meaning "rich battle."
EFFI: Variant spelling of English Effie, meaning "Well I speak."
EFFIE: English pet form of Latin Euphemia, meaning "Well I speak."
EGLANTINE: English name derived from the Latin name for the "sweetbrier rose," from aculeus, meaning "spine, prickle."
EILEEN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Eilín, meaning "beauty, radiance." 
EIREEN: English variant spelling of Greek Eirênê, meaning "peace."
EIRENE: Anglicized form of Greek Eirênê, meaning "peace." 
ELAINE: Old French form of Greek Helénē, possibly meaning "torch." In Malory's Morte D'Arthur (Death of Arthur), this is the name of the tragic figure who dies of grief because Sir Lancelot is unable to return her love. 
ELANOR: From the name of a Tolkien character, meaning "star sun."
ELAYNE: English variant spelling of French Elaine, possibly meaning "torch."
ELBA: English name borrowed from the name of an Italian island where Napoleon was exiled, derived from Latin Ilva, from Greek Aethale, meaning "soot, grime."
ELDREDA: Feminine form of Middle English Eldred, meaning "old advisor."
ELEA: Short form of English Eleanor, meaning "foreign; the other."
ELEANOR: English form of French Eléonore, meaning "foreign; the other."
ELENORA: Variant spelling of English Eleanor, meaning "foreign; the other."
ELEONOR: Variant spelling of English Eleanor, meaning "foreign; the other."
ELFA: Variant spelling of Middle English Elva, meaning "elf friend."
ELFLEDA: Medieval English form of Anglo-Saxon Æthelflæd, meaning "noble beauty." 
ELFREDA: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Ælfþryð, meaning "elfin strength." 
ELFRIDA: Variant spelling of Middle English Elfreda, meaning "elfin strength."
ELFRIEDA: Variant spelling of Middle English Elfreda, meaning "elfin strength."
ELIANE: English form of French Éliane, meaning "sun." Compare with another form of Eliane.
ELINOR: Variant spelling of English Eleanor, meaning "foreign; the other."
ELISABETH: Anglicized form of Greek Elisabet (Hebrew Eliysheba), meaning "God is my oath." In the Old Testament bible, this is the name of the wife of Aaron. In the New Testament, it is the name of the mother of John the Baptist. Compare with another form of Elisabeth.
ELIZA: Short form of English Elizabeth, meaning "God is my oath."
ELIZABETH: Anglicized form of Greek Elisabet, meaning "God is my oath." 
ELLA: Pet form of English Eleanor, meaning "foreign; the other." Compare with masculine Ella.
ELLEN: Originally a variant spelling of English Helen, possibly meaning "torch." Now considered an independent name.
ELLENOR: Variant spelling of English Eleanor, meaning "foreign; the other."
ELLERY: Variant spelling of English unisex Hillary, meaning "joyful; happy." 
ELLIE: Pet form of English Eleanor, meaning "foreign; the other." 
ELLY: Variant spelling of English Ellie, meaning "foreign; the other."
ELMIRA: Contracted form of Spanish Edelmira, meaning "nobly famous." In use by the English, as is its variant Almira.
ELOISE: English form of French Éloise, meaning "hale-wide; very healthy and sound." 
ELOUISE: Variant spelling of English Eloise, meaning "hale-wide; very healthy and sound." 
ELVA: Pet form of Middle English Elvina, meaning "elf friend."
ELVINA: Feminine form of Middle English Elvin, meaning "elf friend."
ELYSE: English variant spelling of German Elise, meaning "God is my oath."
ELYSIA (Ἠλύσια): From Greek Pedion Elysion, the name of the heavenly fields of Elysia, a section of the Underworld mentioned in Greek mythology. The mythological place name may have evolved from the designation of a place, or person, struck by lightning (enelysion, enelysios); if so, the name means "lightning-struck."
ELYZABETH: Variant spelling of English Elizabeth, meaning "God is my oath."
EM: English short form of longer names beginning with the element Em-.
EMELIA: Variant spelling of English Amelia, meaning "work."
EMELIE: Swedish form of English Emily, meaning "rival."
EMELINE: 
Feminine form of French Émile, meaning "rival."
Variant spelling of German Emmeline, meaning "work."
EMELY: Variant spelling of English Emily, meaning "rival."
EMERALD: English name derived from the name of the precious green gemstone, the birthstone of May, from Greek smaragdos, meaning "green gem." The emerald was once believed to have the power to protect chastity, ward off evil spirits, cure dysentery, epilepsy, and help poor eyesight. 
EMILEE: Variant spelling of English Emily, meaning "rival."
EMILINE: English variant spelling of German Emeline, meaning "work."
EMILY: English name derived from Latin Emilia, meaning "rival."
EMMA: Old Norman French name of Germanic origin, derived from the element ermen/irmen, meaning "entire, whole." 
EMMIE: Pet form of Norman French Emma, meaning "entire, whole."
EMMY: Variant spelling of Norman French Emmie, meaning "entire, whole."
EMYLYNN: English variant spelling of German Emmeline, meaning "work."
ENA: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Eithne, meaning "kernel."
ENOLA: English name of the B-29 bomber that dropped the atomic bomb, "Little Boy," on Hiroshima on August 6, 1945. The pilot, Colonel Paul W. Tibbets, Jr. named the aircraft after his mother, Enola Gay Tibbets, who in turn had been named after the heroine of a novel; it is the reverse spelling of the word "alone."  
ENYA: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Eithne, meaning "kernel."
EOWYN: Old English Tolkien invented name, meaning "horse-friend."
EPHAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew unisex Eyphah, meaning "darkness" or "gloomy." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a son of Midian and one of Caleb's concubines.
EPIPHANY: English religious name, meaning simply "epiphany."
EPONA: Celtic name composed of the Gaulish elements epos "horse" and epa "mare," hence "horse-mare." In mythology, this is the name of a goddess of horses and fertility.
EPPIE: English pet form of Latin Euphemia, meaning "Well I speak."
ERICA: Feminine form of English Eric, meaning "ever-ruler."

ERICKA: Variant spelling of English Erica, meaning "ever-ruler."

ERIN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Éirinn, meaning "Ireland." 

ERMA: Variant spelling of German Irma, meaning "entire, whole."

ERNESTINE: Feminine form of English Ernest, meaning "battle (to the death), serious business."

ERYKAH: Modern variant spelling of English Erica, meaning "ever-ruler."
ERYN: Variant spelling of English Erin, meaning "Ireland."
ERYNN: Variant spelling of English Erin, meaning "Ireland."
ESSA: English pet form of Persian Esther, meaning "star." Compare with masculine Essa.
ESSENCE: English name derived from the vocabulary word, from Latin essentia, meaning "essence; being."
ESSIE: English pet form of Persian Esther, meaning "star."
ESTA: English pet form of Persian Esther, meaning "star."
ESTELLE: French form of Latin Estella, meaning "star."
ESTHER: Persian name derived from sitareh, meaning "star." In the bible, this is the Persian name given to the Jewish virgin Hadassah, the central character in the Book of Esther.
ETHEL: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Æthel, a short form of longer names containing the element æðel, meaning "noble."
ETHELDREDA: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Æðelþryð, meaning "noble strength."
ETHELFLEDA: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Æthelflæd, meaning "noble beauty."
ETHELINDA: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Æthelinda, meaning "noble serpent."
ETHNA: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Eithne, meaning "kernel."
ETNA: Variant spelling of English Ethna, meaning "kernel." Compare with another form of Etna.
ETTA: Short form of longer Latin names that end with the diminutive suffix -etta, meaning "little." 
ETTIE: English pet form of Persian Esther, meaning "star." Also used as a pet form of longer names ending with the diminutive suffixes -etta and -ette, meaning "little." 
EUGENIA: English form of Greek Eugeneia, meaning "well born."
EUNA: Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Úna, possibly meaning "famine, hunger."
EUNICE: Latin form of Greek Eunike, meaning "good victory." In the New Testament bible, this is the name of Timothy's mother.
EUSTACIA: Feminine form of English Eustace, meaning "fruitful." Compare with another form of Eustacia.
EVA (Greek: Εὔα): 
Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Aoife, probably meaning "beauty."
Greek form of Hebrew Chavvah, meaning "life." In the bible, this is the name of the first woman, the mother of the entire human family.
EVALYN: Feminine variant spelling of English unisex Evelyn, meaning "little Eve."
EVANGELINE: English literary name composed of the Greek elements eu "good, well" and angeles "angel, messenger," and the French diminutive suffix -ine, hence "good little angel." It is a feminine form of Latin Evangelus.
EVE: Anglicized form of Greek Eva (Latin Heva, Hebrew Chavvah), meaning "life." In the bible, this is the name of the first woman, Adam's wife.
EVELIA: Elaborated form of English Eve, meaning "life."
EVELYN: 
Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Éibhleann, meaning "beauty, radiance."
English surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from the Norman French personal name Aveline, meaning "little Eve."
EVELYNE: Feminine variant spelling of English unisex Evelyn, meaning "little Eve."
EVERETTE: Feminine form of English Everett, meaning "strong as a boar."
EVERILD: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Eoforhild, meaning "boar-battle."
EVETTE: Variant spelling of French Yvette, meaning "yew tree."
EVIE: Pet form of English Eve, meaning "life."
EVONNE: Variant spelling of French Yvonne, meaning "yew tree."
FAE: Variant spelling of English Fay, meaning "fairy."
FAIRUZA: English name derived from the Persian word firouzeh, meaning "turquoise." 
FAITH: English name derived from the vocabulary word "faith." It is one of the Puritan virtue names; some others are Charity, Chastity, Honor, Hope, and Prudence. 
FAITHE: Variant spelling of English Faith, meaning "faith." 
FANCY: English name derived from the vocabulary word fancy, which is a contracted form of fantasy, meaning "desire, inclination, whim."
FANNI: Variant spelling of English Fanny, meaning "French."
FANNY: Pet form of English Frances, meaning "French." 
FARAH (فراه): Arabic name meaning "joy."
FARLEY: English habitational surname transferred to unisex forename use, composed of the Old English elements fearn "fern" and leah "clearing, meadow," hence "fern meadow."
FARRAH: Variant spelling of Arabic Farah, meaning "joy."
FAUNA: Feminine form of Roman Latin Faunus, meaning "to favor." This is an alternate name for several mythological characters including Marica, Ops, and Terra.
FAWN: English name derived from the vocabulary word fawn, meaning "baby deer."
FAWNA: Variant spelling of English Fawn, meaning "baby deer."
FAY: English name derived from the vocabulary word fay, from Old English faie, meaning "fairy." This name was in use in the 19th century when an interest in medieval times and Arthurian legends--brought about mostly by Tennyson's Idylls of the King--led to the use of such names as Fay and Morgan, Percival, and Tristan. 
FAYE: Variant spelling of English Fay, meaning "fairy."
FEDELMA: Variant spelling of English Fidelma, meaning "hospitable."
FELICE: French form of Latin Felicia, meaning "happy" or "lucky." Compare with masculine Felice.
FELICIA: Feminine form of Latin Felix, meaning "happy" or "lucky."
FELICITY: English form of French Félicie, meaning "happy" or "lucky."
FELINA: English name derived from the Latin word felinus, meaning "cat-like."
FELISE: English variant spelling of French Felice, meaning "happy" or "lucky."
FELISHA: English form of Latin Felicia, meaning "happy" or "lucky."
FENELLA: Scottish Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Fionnghuala, meaning "white shoulder." 
FERN: English name derived from the vocabulary word fern, from Old English fearn, meaning "fern," a type of leafy plant. The name was first used in the 19th century when flower, plant or other "dainty" names were popular.
FERNE: Variant spelling of English Fern, meaning "fern."
FIDELMA: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Féidhelm, possibly meaning "hospitable."
FINELLA: Scottish Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Fionnghuala, meaning "white shoulder."
FINOLA: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Fionnghuala, meaning "white shoulder."
FINUALA: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Fionnghuala, meaning "white shoulder."
FIONA: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Fíona, meaning "vine."
FIONOLA: Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Fionnghuala, meaning "white shoulder."
FLICK: Pet form of English Felicity, meaning "happy" or "lucky."
FLICKA: Pet form of English Felicity, meaning "happy" or "lucky."
FLO: Short form of English/French Florence "blossoming" and Latin Flora "flower."
FLOELLA: Modern English compound name composed of Flo "blossoming/flower" and Ella "foreign; the other." 
FLOR: English variant spelling of French Fleur, or perhaps just a short form of Latin Flora, both meaning "flower."
FLORA: Roman Latin name meaning "flower." In mythology, this is the name of a goddess of flowers and spring. Compare with another form of Flora.
FLORE: English variant spelling of Roman Latin Flora, meaning "flower."
FLORENCE: English and French feminine form of Latin Florentius, meaning "blossoming." Compare with masculine Florence.
FLORETTE: English variant spelling of French Fleurette, meaning "little flower."
FLORI: Variant spelling of English Florrie, meaning "flower." 
FLORINDA: English elaborated form of Roman Latin Flora, meaning "flower."
FLORRIE: English pet form of English/French Florence, meaning "blossoming."
FLORRY: Variant spelling of English Florrie, meaning "blossoming." Compare with masculine Florry.
FLOSSIE: English pet form of English/French Florence, meaning "blossoming."
FLOWER: English name derived from the vocabulary word, "flower," from Proto-Indo-European *bhlo-, meaning "to blossom, flourish."
FLURRY: English unisex name derived from the vocabulary word meaning "snow squall."
FORTUNE: English name derived from the vocabulary word, from Latin fortuna, meaning "fortune, luck."
FRAN: Short form of English Frances, meaning "French."
FRANCENE: English variant spelling of French Francine, meaning "French."
FRANCES: Feminine form of English Francis, meaning "French."
FRANCINE: Diminutive form of French Françoise, meaning "French."
FRANCISCA: 
Feminine form of Latin Franciscus, meaning "French."
Feminine form of Portuguese/Spanish Francisco, meaning "French."
FRANKIE: Unisex pet form of English Frances and Francis, both meaning "French."
FRANNIE: Pet form of English Frances, meaning "French."
FREA: Anglicized form of Danish Freya, meaning "lady, mistress."
FREDA: English short form of names ending with -freda.
FREDDA: Pet form of English Winifred, meaning "holy reconciliation."
FREDDIE: Unisex pet form of English Frederick and Latin Frederica, both meaning "peaceful ruler."
FREDERICA: Feminine form of Latin Fredericus, meaning "peaceful ruler." In use by the English and Portuguese.
FREIDA: Variant spelling of German Frieda, meaning "peaceful ruler." Compare with another form of Freida.
GABBIE: Pet form of English Gabriela, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
GABI: Pet form of English Gabriela, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
GABRIELA: Anglicized form of Hebrew Gavriela, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God." Compare with another form of Gabriela.
GABRIELLA: Feminine form of Italian Gabriele, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
GABRIELLE: French feminine form of Latin Gabrielus, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
GABY: Pet form of English Gabriela, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
GAE: Variant spelling of English Gay, meaning "happy."
GAIL: Short form of English Abigail, meaning "father rejoices."
GAILA: Elaborated form of English Gail, meaning "father rejoices."
GALE: 
English unisex name derived from the vocabulary word gale, meaning "sea storm." 
Variant spelling of English Gail, meaning "father rejoices." 
GARDENIA: English name derived from the flower name, meaning simply "gardenia flower."
GARNET: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, meaning "garnet (the gem)," derived from a Middle English altered form of Old French (pome) grenate, "fruit full of seeds," the same source from which came the name of the precious stone. 
GARNETTE: Feminine form of English unisex Garnet, meaning "garnet (the gem)."
GAY: English name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "happy." Compare with masculine Gay.
GAYE: Variant spelling of English Gay, meaning "happy."
GAYLA: Variant form of English Gayle, meaning "father rejoices."
GAYLE: Variant spelling of English Gail, meaning "father rejoices."
GAYNOR: Medieval English form of French Guinevere, possibly meaning "white and smooth." Compare with masculine Gaynor.
GEENA: Variant spelling of English Gina, meaning "earth-worker, farmer." 
GEMMA: Italian name meaning "precious stone."
GENA: Pet form of English Eugenia, meaning "well born."
GENESIS (Γένεσις): English name of Greek origin, derived from the word genesis, meaning "creation, generation, origin, source," from gignesthai "to be born," which is related to genos "birth, descent, race." In the bible, this is the name of the first book of the Old Testament.
GENETTE: English variant spelling of French Jeanette, meaning "God is gracious."
GENEVA: Pet form of French Geneviève, probably meaning "race of women."
GENEVIEVE: English form of French Geneviève, probably meaning "race of women."
GENIA: Pet form of English Eugenia, meaning "well born." 
GENIE: Pet form of English Eugenia, meaning "well born." This is also a pet form of English Genevieve, probably meaning "race of women."
GENISTA: English name derived from the Latin word for the "broom plant."
GENNA: Pet form of English Genevieve, probably meaning "race of women." Compare with another form of Genna.
GENNIE: Variant spelling of English Genny, probably meaning "race of women."
GENNY: Pet form of English Genevieve, probably meaning "race of women."
GENYA: Variant spelling of English Genia, meaning "well born." 
GEORGEANNA: English compound name composed of Georgia "earth-worker, farmer" and Anna "favor; grace." 
GEORGENE: English variant spelling French Georgine, meaning "earth-worker, farmer."
GEORGETTE: Feminine form of French Georges, meaning "earth-worker, farmer."
GEORGIA: Feminine form of English George, meaning "earth-worker, farmer." 
GEORGIANA: Feminine form of English George, meaning "earth-worker, farmer." 
GEORGIE: Unisex pet form of English George and Georgia, meaning "earth-worker, farmer." 
GEORGINA: Feminine form of English George, meaning "earth-worker, farmer." 
GEORGINE: Feminine form of French Georges, meaning "earth-worker, farmer."
GERALDINE: Feminine form of English Gerald, meaning "spear ruler."
GERRY: Unisex pet form of English Gerald and Geraldine, meaning "spear ruler." Also used as a pet form of other names beginning with Ger-, meaning "spear."
GERTIE: Pet form of German Gertrude, meaning "spear strength."
GERTRUDE: German name composed of the elements ger "spear" and þruþ "strength," hence "spear strength."
GHISLAIN: Modern English name derived from Old French Giselle, meaning "pledge, hostage, noble offspring."
GHISLAINE: Variant spelling of English Ghislain, meaning "pledge, hostage, noble offspring."
GILDA: Old English name meaning "coated with gold; gilded." Compare with other forms of Gilda.
GILLIAN: English variant spelling of Roman Latin Jillian, meaning "descended from Jupiter (Jove)."
GINA: Pet form of English Georgina, meaning "earth-worker, farmer." Also a pet form of other English names ending with -gina. Compare with other forms of Gina.
GINGER: English pet form of Latin Virginia, meaning "maiden, virgin." Sometimes also given as a spice name.
GINNIE: English pet form of Latin Virginia, meaning "maiden, virgin."
GINNY: Variant spelling of English Ginnie, meaning "maiden, virgin."
GITHA: Variant spelling of Middle English Gytha, meaning "strife, war."
GLADYS: Modern form of Old Welsh Gwladus, meaning "ruler."
GLENDA: Modern Welsh name composed of the words glân "clean, pure, holy" and da "good," hence "pure good."
GLENICE: Variant spelling of Welsh Glenys, meaning "holy, pure."
GLENNA: Feminine form of Scottish Glen, meaning "valley."
GLENYS: Modern Welsh name derived from the word glân, meaning "holy, pure." 
GLORIA: Latin name derived from the word gloria, meaning "glory."
GLORY: English name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "glory."
GODIVA: Old English name composed of the elements god "God" and gyfu "gift," hence "gift of God."
GOLDA (גּוֹלְדָה): Yiddish name meaning "golden." Compare with masculine Golda.
GOLDIE: From an English pet name meaning "a blonde." Compare with another form of Goldie.
GRACE: English name derived from the vocabulary word "grace," from Old French grace "pleasing quality, favor, good will, thanks," which in turn came from Latin gratia "pleasing quality, good will, gratitude," from gratus "pleasing, agreeable." In 1175 the word grace was defined as "God's favor or help." 
GRACIE: Pet form of English Grace, meaning "pleasing, agreeable."
GRETA: Short form of Danish/Swedish Margareta, meaning "pearl."
GRETCHEN: Diminutive form of English Gretta ("pearl"), meaning "little pearl."
GRETEL: Pet form of German Grete, meaning "pearl."
GRETTA: English variant spelling of Danish/Swedish Greta, meaning "pearl."
GUENDOLEN: Variant spelling of Welsh Gwendolen, meaning "white ring."
GUINEVERE: French form of Welsh Gwenhwyvar, possibly meaning "white and smooth." In Arthurian legend, this is the name of the queen consort of King Arthur, best remembered for her love affair with Arthur's chief knight Lancelot.
GUSSIE: Pet form of English Augusta, meaning "venerable."
GWEN: Welsh name derived from the word gwen, meaning "fair, holy, white." Also used as a short form of longer names containing gwen.
GWENDA: Welsh name composed of the elements gwen "fair, holy, white" and da "good," hence "fair and good."
GWENDOLEN: Welsh name composed of the elements gwen "fair, holy, white" and dolen "bow, ring," hence "white bow" or "white ring." In mythology, this is the name of King Locrine's wife.
GWENETH: Variant spelling of Welsh Gwyneth, meaning "luck, happiness." 
GWENN: Variant spelling of Welsh Gwen, meaning "fair, holy, white."
GWENNETH: Variant spelling of Welsh Gwyneth, meaning "luck, happiness."
GWENYTH: Variant spelling of Welsh Gwenith, meaning "wheat."
GWYN: Welsh unisex name meaning "fair, holy, white."
GYNETH: Anglicized form of Welsh Gwyneth, meaning "luck, happiness." In Arthurian legend, this is the name of the daughter of King Arthur, in Sir Walter Scott's The Bridal of Triermain. 
GYPSY: Old English name meaning "Bohemian, rover." 
GYTHA: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Gyða, meaning "strife, war."
HADASSA: Variant spelling of English Hadassah, meaning "myrtle tree." 
HADASSAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Hadaccah, meaning "myrtle tree." In the bible, this is Esther's Hebrew name.
HADLEY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, composed of the Old English elements hæð "heathland, heather, wasteland" and leah "clearing, field, meadow" hence "heather meadow."
HAIDEE: Modern English name, possibly derived from the Greek word aidoios, meaning "modest."
HAILEE: Variant spelling of English Hayley, meaning "hay field."
HAILEY: Variant spelling of English Hayley, meaning "hay field."
HALEIGH: Variant spelling of English Hayley, meaning "hay field."
HALEY: Variant spelling of English Hayley, meaning "hay field."
HALLIE: Variant spelling of English Hayley, meaning "hay field."
HANNA (Greek: Ἄννα): 
Greek form of Hebrew Channah, meaning "favor; grace." In the New Testament bible, this is the name of a prophetess in Jerusalem.
Short form of Latin Johanna, meaning "God is gracious."
Variant spelling of English Hannah, meaning "favor; grace." 
HANNAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Channah, meaning "favor; grace." In the Old Testament bible, this is the name of the mother of Samuel and wife to Elkanah.
HANNIE: Pet form of English Hannah, meaning "favor; grace."
HANNY: Pet form of English  Hannah, meaning "favor; grace."
HAPPY: English unisex name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "happy." Compare with Gay and Merry.
HARMONIE: Variant spelling of English Harmony, meaning "concord, harmony."
HARMONY: English name derived from the vocabulary word harmony, from Greek Harmonia, meaning "concord, harmony."
HARPER: English occupational surname transferred to unisex forename use, meaning "harp player."
HARRIET: Feminine diminutive form of English Harry, meaning "little home-ruler." 
HARRIETT: Variant spelling of English Harriet, meaning "little home-ruler."
HARRIETTA: Elaborated form of English Harriet, meaning "little home-ruler."
HARRIETTE: Elaborated form of English Harriet, meaning "little home-ruler."
HARTLEY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, composed of the Old English elements heorot "hart, male deer" and leah "meadow, pasture," hence "deer meadow."
HARMONY: English name derived from the vocabulary word harmony, from Greek Harmonia, meaning "concord, harmony."
HARPER: English occupational surname transferred to unisex forename use, meaning "harp player."
HARRIET: Feminine diminutive form of English Harry, meaning "little home-ruler." 
HARRIETT: Variant spelling of English Harriet, meaning "little home-ruler."
HARRIETTA: Elaborated form of English Harriet, meaning "little home-ruler."
HARRIETTE: Elaborated form of English Harriet, meaning "little home-ruler."
HARTLEY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, composed of the Old English elements heorot "hart, male deer" and leah "meadow, pasture," hence "deer meadow."
HATTIE: Pet form of English Harriet, meaning "little home-ruler."
HATTY: Variant spelling of English Hattie, meaning "little home-ruler."
HAVEN: English unisex name derived from Middle English haven (Old English hæfen), meaning "haven, refuge."
HAYDEE: English variant form of Swiss Heidi, meaning "noble sort." 
HAYDEN: English unisex name composed of the Old English elements heg "hay" and denu "valley," hence "hay valley."
HAYLEE: Variant spelling of English Hayley, meaning "hay field."
HAYLEIGH: Variant spelling of English Hayley, meaning "hay field."
HAYLEY: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from a place name composed of the Old English elements heg "hay" and leah "field, meadow, pasture," hence "hay field."
HAYLIE: Variant spelling of English Hayley, meaning "hay field."
HAZE: Short form of Old English Hazel, meaning "reddish-brown" or "hazel tree."
HAZEL: Old English name meaning "reddish-brown" or "hazel tree." The tree was so-named for the hazel color of its ripe hazel-nuts.
HEATHER: English name derived from the plant name, meaning "heather."
HEAVEN: English name derived from the vocabulary word, from Old English heofon, meaning "home of God," earlier "sky." 
HEBE: Latin form of Greek Hêbê, meaning "young." In mythology, this is the name of a goddess of youth.
HEIDI: Swiss pet form of Old High German Adalheid, meaning "noble sort." 
HELAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Chel'ah, meaning "depraved" or "rust." In the bible, this is the name of a wife of Asher.
HELAINE: Variant spelling of Old French Elaine, possibly meaning "torch." In Malory's Morte D'Arthur (Death of Arthur), this is the name of the tragic figure who dies of grief because Sir Lancelot is unable to return her love. 
HELEEN: Dutch form of Greek Helénē, probably meaning "torch."
HELEN: English form of French Hélène, probably meaning "torch." In mythology, this is the name of the most beautiful woman ever to exist whose abduction by Paris caused the Trojan war.
HELENA: Latin form of Greek Helénē, probably meaning "torch."
HELENE: 
German form of Greek Helénē, probably meaning "torch."
Scandinavian form of Greek Helénē, probably meaning "torch."
HELGA: Icelandic name derived from Old Norse heilagr, meaning "holy; dedicated to the gods."
HELLEN: Variant spelling of English Helen, probably meaning "torch."
HÉLOÏSE: Modern form of medieval French Helewise, meaning "hale-wide; very healthy and sound." 
HENRIETTA: Latin form of French Henriette, meaning "little home-ruler."
HEPHZI-BAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Chephtsiy-bahh, meaning "she is my desire." In the bible, this is the name of the wife of king Hezekiah.
HEPHZIBAH: Variant form of English Hephzi-bah, meaning "she is my desire." In the bible, this is the name of the wife of king Hezekiah.
HEPSIE: Pet form of English Hephzibah, meaning "she is my desire."
HESTER: Medieval Latin form of Persian Esther, meaning "star."
HETTIE: English pet form of Latin Hester "star" and English Harriet "little home-ruler."
HILARY: English unisex form of Latin Hilarius and Hilaria, meaning "joyful; happy." Originally, this was strictly a masculine name.
HILDA: 
Old German short form of longer names containing hild, meaning "battle." 
Icelandic and Scandinavian form of Old Norse Hildr, meaning "battle."
HILLARY: Variant spelling of English unisex Hilary, meaning "joyful; happy."
HOLLIE: Variant spelling of English Holly, meaning "holly."
HOLLIS: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, from Old English holegn "holly" denoting someone who "lives near holly trees."
HOLLY: English name derived from the name of the evergreen shrub or tree. 
HONEY: English name derived from the vocabulary word "honey." Also a term of endearment.
HONOR: American English form of Latin Honora, meaning "honor, valor." 
HONOUR: British English form of Latin Honora, meaning "honor, valor."
HOPE: English name derived from the vocabulary word "hope." It is one of the Puritan virtue names; some others are Charity, Chastity, Faith, Honor, and Prudence. 
HORTENSE: French form of Latin Hortensia, meaning "garden."
HOSANNA: Anglicized form of Greek Hōsanna, meaning "deliver us." In the bible, this was the cry of the people who recognized Jesus as the Messiah when he entered Jerusalem.
HOSANNAH: Variant spelling of English Hosanna, meaning "deliver us."
HULDA: 
Scandinavian form of Old Norse Hulð, meaning "hidden, obscure, secret."
Variant spelling of English Huldah, meaning "mole" or "weasel." 
HULDAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Chuldah, meaning "mole" or "weasel." In the bible, this is the name of a prophetess. 
HUNTER: English occupational surname transferred to unisex forename use, meaning "hunter."
HYACINTH: English form of Latin Hyacintha, meaning "hyacinth flower."
HYLDA: English variant spelling of German Hilda, meaning "battle."
IDA: 
Norman name derived from Germanic id, meaning "work." 
Scandinavian form of Icelandic Iða, meaning "industrious."
IDELLE: French pet form of Norman Germanic Ida, meaning "work."
IDONY: Anglicized form of Latin Idonea, meaning "again to love."
IESHA: English variant spelling of Arabic Aisha, meaning "alive." 
ILEAN: Variant spelling of English Eileen, meaning "beauty, radiance." 
ILEEN: Variant spelling of English Eileen, meaning "beauty, radiance." 
ILENE: Variant spelling of English Eileen, meaning "beauty, radiance." 
IMOGEN: From a misspelling of the English Shakespearean name Innogen, meaning "girl, maiden." 
IMOGENE: Variant spelling of English Imogen, meaning "girl, maiden." 
INA: English and Scottish short form of longer names ending with -ina, such as Christina and Dolina. Compare with another form of Ina.
INDIA: English name derived from the country name, meaning "land of the Indus (river)." 
INDIANA: English unisex name derived from the American state name, meaning "land of the Indians."
INDIGO: English unisex name, derived from vocabulary word indigo, from Greek indikon, meaning "blue dye from India." 
INDY: Pet form of English unisex Indiana, meaning "land of the Indians."
INNES: Anglicized unisex form of Scottish Gaelic Aonghas, meaning "excellent valor." 
INNOGEN: Original Celtic form of the misspelled English Shakespeare character name Imogen, derived from the Gaelic element inghean, meaning "girl, maiden." 
IRELAND: English name derived from the country name, composed of the Irish goddess name Ériu and Old Saxon land "land," hence "land of Ériu" or "land of peace."
IRENE: Latin form of Greek Eirênê, meaning "peace." In mythology, this is the name of a goddess of peace. 
IRIS (Ίρις): Greek name meaning "rainbow." In mythology, this is the name of a rainbow goddess. In use by the English as a feminine name, and by the Jews as a unisex name.
IRMA: Short form of longer German names beginning with Irm-, meaning "entire, whole."
IRMALINDA: German name composed of the elements irmen "entire, whole" and lint "soft, tender," hence "entirely gentle."
IRMGARD: German name composed of the elements irmen "entire, whole" and gard "enclosure," hence "entirely protected."
ISABEL: Originally a Spanish form of Latin Isabella, meaning "God is my oath." It later became an English royal name and its popularity was enhanced by the fact that it was borne by Queen Isabella (1296-1358), despite the fact that she was a murderess. 
ISABELLE: French form of Latin Isabella, meaning "God is my oath." In Arthurian legend, Isabelle of Cornwall is the name of the mother of Tristan. 
ISADORA: Variant spelling of Latin Isidora, meaning "gift of Isis." 
ISCAH: 
Anglicized form of Hebrew Yickah, meaning "one who beholds" or "one who looks out." In the bible, this is the name of the sister of Lot.
Contracted form of English Isaaca, meaning "he will laugh."
ISIDORA (Greek: Ισίδωρα, Russian: Исидора): 
Feminine form of Greek Isidoros, meaning "gift of Isis."
Feminine form of Latin Isidorus, meaning "gift of Isis."
Feminine form of Russian Isidor, meaning "gift of Isis."
ISLEEN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Aisling, meaning "dream; vision."
ISOLDE: English form of French Iseult, derived from Germanic Ishild, meaning "ice battle." In Arthurian legend, this is the name of the tragic princess who was the mistress of Tristram.
ISSY: Variant spelling of English Izzy, meaning "God is my oath."
IVA: Variant spelling of English Ivah, meaning "overthrow, overturn." Compare with other forms of Iva.
IVAH: English name derived from the biblical name of a region of Assyria, derived from Hebrew avvah, meaning "overthrow, overturn."
IVORY: English name derived from the vocabulary word for a material that comes from the tusks of elephants and is used in making jewelry.
IVVAH: Variant spelling of English Ivah, meaning "overthrow, overturn."
IVY: English name derived from the plant name, "ivy."
IZZIE: Variant spelling of English Izzy, meaning "God is my oath."
IZZY: Pet form of English Elizabeth, meaning "God is my oath." Compare with masculine Izzy. 
JACINDA: English variant form of Latin Jacintha, meaning "hyacinth flower."
JACINTH: English form of French Jacinthe, meaning "hyacinth flower."
JACKALINE: English form of French Jacqueline, meaning "supplanter."
JACKALYN: Variant spelling of English Jacquelyn, meaning "supplanter."
JACKI: Pet form of English Jackalyn, meaning "supplanter."
JACKIE: Pet form of English Jackalyn, meaning "supplanter." Compare with masculine Jackie. 
JACKLYN: Contracted form of English Jackalyn, meaning "supplanter."
JACLYN: Variant spelling of English Jacklyn, meaning "supplanter."
JACOBINA: Feminine form of English Jacob, meaning "supplanter."
JACQUELINE: Feminine form of French Jacques, meaning "supplanter."
JACQUELYN: English form of French Jacqueline, meaning "supplanter."
JADE: English unisex name derived from the name of the precious stone, meaning "jade."
JADEN: Elaborated form of English unisex Jade, meaning "jade."
JADYN: Variant spelling of English unisex Jaden, meaning "jade."
JAEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yael, meaning "chamois," "ibex," or "mountain goat." In the bible, this is the name of the wife of Heber the Kenite who killed general Sisera, an enemy of the Israelites.
JAIDA: Elaborated feminine form of English unisex Jade, meaning "jade."
JAIDEN: Variant spelling of English unisex Jaden, meaning "jade."
JAIME: Variant spelling of English Jamie, meaning "supplanter." Compare with masculine Jaime.
JAIMEE: Variant spelling of English Jamie, meaning "supplanter."
JAIMIE: Variant spelling of English Jamie, meaning "supplanter." Compare with masculine Jaimie.
JAKI: Pet form of English Jackalyn, meaning "supplanter."
JAKKI: Pet form of English Jackalyn, meaning "supplanter."
JAMESINA: Scottish feminine form of English James, meaning "supplanter."
JAMI: Variant spelling of English Jamie, meaning "supplanter."
JAMIE: Feminine form of English James, meaning "supplanter." Compare with masculine Jamie.
JAN: English short form of names beginning with Jan-, most of which are feminine forms of John, meaning "God is gracious." Compare with masculine Jan.
JANCIS: Modern elaborated form of English Jan, meaning "God is gracious." 
JANE: English form of French Jehanne, meaning "God is gracious."
JANEL: Variant spelling of English Janelle, meaning "God is gracious."
JANELE: Variant spelling of English Janelle, meaning "God is gracious."
JANELLA: Pet form of English Jane, meaning "God is gracious."
JANELLE: Pet form of English Jane, meaning "God is gracious."
JANENE: Variant spelling of English Janine, meaning "God is gracious."
JANESSA: Elaborated form of English Jane, meaning "God is gracious."
JANET: Anglicized form of Scottish Jennet, meaning "God is gracious."
JANETTA: Elaborated form of English Janet, meaning "God is gracious."
JANETTE: Elaborated form of English Janet, meaning "God is gracious."
JANEY: Variant spelling of English Janie, meaning "God is gracious."
JANICE: Elaborated form of English Jane, meaning "God is gracious."
JANIE: Pet form of English Jane, meaning "God is gracious."
JANINE: English form of French Jeannine, meaning "God is gracious."
JANIS: Variant spelling of English Janice, meaning "God is gracious." Compare with masculine Janis.
JANNA: Elaborated form of English Jan, meaning "God is gracious." Compare with another form of Janna.
JANNAH: Variant spelling of English Janna, meaning "God is gracious."
JANNETTE: Variant spelling of English Janette, meaning "God is gracious."
JANNINE: Variant spelling of English Janine, meaning "God is gracious."
JAQUALINA: English variant spelling of Latin Jacquelina, meaning "supplanter."
JAQUALINE: Variant spelling of English Jacquelyn, meaning "supplanter."
JAQUELINE: Variant spelling of English Jacquelyn, meaning "supplanter."
JAQUELYN: Variant spelling of English Jacquelyn, meaning "supplanter."
JARONA: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yarona, meaning "to shout and sing."
JASMIN: English name derived from the vocabulary word, from Persian yasmin, meaning "jasmine flower," a plant in the olive family. Compare with masculine Jasmin.
JASMINE: Variant spelling of English Jasmin, meaning "jasmine flower," a plant in the olive family.
JASMYN: Variant spelling of English Jasmin, meaning "jasmine flower," a plant in the olive family.
JAYDA: Elaborated feminine form of English unisex Jade, meaning "jade."
JAYDE: Elaborated feminine form of English unisex Jade, meaning "jade."
JAYDEN: Variant spelling of English unisex Jaden, meaning "jade."
JAYDON: Variant spelling of English unisex Jaden, meaning "jade."
JAYLA: Feminine form of English Jay, a short form of longer names beginning with the letter "J."
JAYLEE: Feminine form of English Jay, a short form of longer names beginning with the letter "J."
JAYMA: Variant form of English Jamie, meaning "supplanter."
JAYME: Variant spelling of English Jamie, meaning "supplanter."
JAYNA: Pet form of English Jane, meaning "God is gracious."
JAYNE: Variant spelling of English Jane, meaning "God is gracious."
JAYNIE: Variant spelling of English Janie, meaning "God is gracious."
JAZMIN: Variant spelling of English Jasmin, meaning "jasmine flower," a plant in the olive family.
JAZMINE: Variant spelling of English Jasmin, meaning "jasmine flower," a plant in the olive family.
JEAN: Scottish form of French Jeanne, meaning "God is gracious." Compare with masculine Jean.
JEANA: Variant spelling of English Gena, meaning "well born."
JEANETTA: English form of French Jeanette, meaning "God is gracious."
JEANETTE: Pet form of French Jeanne, meaning "God is gracious."
JEANIE: Pet form of Scottish Jean, meaning "God is gracious."
JEANINE: English variant spelling of French Jeannine, meaning "God is gracious."
JEANNA: English elaborated form of Scottish Jean, meaning "God is gracious."
JEANNETTE: Variant spelling of French Jeanette, meaning "God is gracious."
JEANNIE: Variant spelling of Scottish Jeanie, meaning "God is gracious."
JEANNINE: Pet form of French Jeanne, meaning "God is gracious."
JEDIDA: Variant spelling of English Jedidah, meaning "friend" or "beloved." 
JEDIDAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yediydah, meaning "friend" or "beloved." In the bible, this is the name of the mother of king Josiah.
JELISSA: Modern English name probably based on Greek Melissa, meaning "honey-sap." 
JEMIMA: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yemiymah, meaning "dove." In the bible, this is the name of one of Job's three daughters.
JEMMA: Variant spelling of Italian Gemma, meaning "precious stone."
JEN: Short form of English Jennifer, meaning "white and smooth."
JENA: Variant spelling of English Gena, meaning "well born."
JENAE: Pet form of English Jennifer, meaning "white and smooth."
JENELLE: Elaborated form of English Jen, meaning "white and smooth."
JENESSA: Elaborated form of English Jen, meaning "white and smooth."
JENI: Variant spelling of English Jenny, meaning "white and smooth."
JENIFER: Variant spelling of English Jennifer, meaning "white and smooth."
JENN: Variant spelling of English Jen, meaning "white and smooth."
JENNA: Pet form of English Jennifer, meaning "white and smooth."
JENNI: Variant spelling of English Jenny, meaning "white and smooth." Compare with another form of Jenni.
JENNICA: Elaborated form of English Jen, meaning "white and smooth."
JENNIE: Variant spelling of English Jenny, meaning "white and smooth."
JENNIFER: English form of French Guinevere, meaning "white and smooth."
JENNY: Pet form of English Jennifer, meaning "white and smooth."
JERA: English name derived from the Old Saxon runic letter jera, meaning "year."
JERI: Variant spelling of English Jerri, meaning "spear ruler."
JERRI: Variant spelling of English Jerry, meaning "spear ruler."
JERRIE: Variant spelling of English Jerry, meaning "spear ruler."
JERRY: Feminine variant spelling of English unisex Gerry, meaning "spear ruler." Compare with masculine Jerry.
JERUSHA: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yeruwsha, meaning "dispossessor" or "possessed (by a husband)." In the bible, this is the name of the wife of King Uzziah.
JESCA: Contracted form of English Jessica, meaning "one who beholds" or "one who looks out."
JESS: Short form of English Jessica meaning "one who beholds" or "one who looks out." Compare with masculine Jess.
JESSA: Pet form of English Jessica, meaning "one who beholds" or "one who looks out."
JESSALYN: Elaborated form of English Jessa, meaning "one who beholds" or "one who looks out."
JESSAMYN: English form of Latin Jessamine, meaning "jasmine flower," a plant in the olive family.
JESSI: Variant spelling of English Jessie, meaning "one who beholds" or "one who looks out," and also "gift."
JESSICA: English Shakespearean name of the daughter of Shylock, probably based on Hebrew Yiska, meaning "one who beholds" or "one who looks out."
JESSIE: 
Feminine form of English Jesse, meaning "gift." 
Pet form of English Jessica, meaning "one who beholds" or "one who looks out."
Pet form of Scottish Jean, meaning "God is gracious."
JESSIKA: Variant spelling of English Jessica, meaning "one who beholds" or "one who looks out."
JESSYE: Variant spelling of English Jessie, meaning "one who beholds" or "one who looks out," and also "gift."
JETTA: Feminine form of English Jett, meaning "jet (the mineral)."
JEWEL: English name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "jewel."
JEWELL: Variant spelling of English Jewel, meaning "jewel."
JEZEBEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Iyzebel ("Ba'al exalts," "unchaste," or "without cohabitation") and Greek Iezabel ("chaste, intact"). In the bible, this is the name of the evil wife of King Ahab. She was eaten by dogs as prophesied by Elijah.
JILL: English short form of Roman Latin Jillian, meaning "descended from Jupiter (Jove)."
JILLIAN: Early form of Roman Latin Juliana, meaning "descended from Jupiter (Jove)."
JILLIE: Pet form of English Jill, meaning "descended from Jupiter (Jove)."
JILLY: Variant spelling of English Jillie, meaning "descended from Jupiter (Jove)."
JINNY: Variant spelling of English Ginny, meaning "maiden, virgin." Compare with another form of Jinny.
JO: Short form of English Joanne, meaning "God is gracious." Also used as a short form of other names beginning with Jo-. Compare with masculine Jo. 
JOAN: Medieval English contracted form of Old French Johanne, meaning "God is gracious." Compare with masculine Joan.
JOANDRA: Elaborated form of English Joanne, meaning "God is gracious."
JOANN: Variant spelling of English Joanne, meaning "God is gracious."
JOANNE: English form of French Johanne (Latin Joanna), meaning "God is gracious." 
JOBETH: English compound name composed of Jo "God is gracious" and Beth "God is my oath." 
JOCELIN: Feminine form of English unisex Jocelyn, meaning "Gaut."
JOCELINE: Feminine form of English unisex Jocelyn, meaning "Gaut."
JOCELYN: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from the Old French personal name Joscelin, meaning "Gaut." 
JOCHEBED: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yowkebed In the bible, this is the name of the mother of Miriam, Aaron and Moses.
JOCOSA: Middle English feminine form of English unisex Joyce, meaning "lady." 
JODENE: Elaborated form of English Jody, meaning "Jewess" or "praised."
JODI: Variant spelling of English Jody, meaning "Jewess" or "praised."
JODIE: Variant spelling of English Jody, meaning "Jewess" or "praised."
JODY: Pet form of English Judith, meaning "Jewess" or "praised." Compare with masculine Jody. 
JOELLE: English form of French Joëlle, meaning "Jehovah is God" or "to whom Jehovah is God."
JOETTA: Pet form of English Jo, meaning "God is gracious."
JOHNA: Variant spelling of English Johnna, meaning "God is gracious."
JOHNNA: Feminine form of English John, meaning "God is gracious."
JOHNNIE: English unisex pet form of John and Johnna, both meaning "God is gracious."
JOI: Variant spelling of English Joy, meaning "joy."
JOISSE: Variant spelling of English Joyce, meaning "lady."
JOJO: Unisex pet form of English Joe "(God) shall add (another son)" and Jo "God is gracious."
JOLEEN: English variant spelling of French Jolene, meaning "pretty." 
JONELLE: Pet form of English Jonie, meaning "God is gracious."
JONETTE: Diminutive form of English Jonie, meaning "God is gracious."
JONI: Variant spelling of English Jonie, meaning "God is gracious."
JONIE: Feminine form of English John, meaning "God is gracious."
JONNA: Variant spelling of English Johnna, meaning "God is gracious."
JONQUIL: English name derived from the name of the "jonquil flower," from Latin juncus, meaning "rush."
JOOLS: Variant spelling of English Jules, meaning "descended from Jupiter (Jove)."
JORDAN: Anglicized form of Greek Iordanes and Hebrew unisex Yarden, meaning "flowing down." In the Old Testament bible, this is the name of a river in Palestine. In the New Testament, Jesus was baptized in this river by John the Baptist.
JORDANA: Feminine form of English unisex Jordan, meaning "flowing down."
JORDI: Variant spelling of English unisex Jordie, meaning "flowing down."
JORDIE: Pet form of English unisex Jordan, meaning "flowing down."
JORDON: Variant spelling of English unisex Jordan, meaning "flowing down."
JORDYN: Variant spelling of English unisex Jordan, meaning "flowing down."
JORIE: Short form of English Marjorie, meaning "pearl."
JORJA: Modern spelling of English Georgia, meaning "earth-worker, farmer." 
JOSEPHA: Feminine form of English Joseph, meaning "(God) shall add (another son)." 
JOSEPHINE: English form of French Joséphine, meaning "(God) shall add (another son)." 
JOSETTE: Pet form of French Joséphine, meaning "(God) shall add (another son)." 
JOSIE: Pet form of English Josephine, meaning "(God) shall add (another son)." 
JOSS: Pet form of English unisex Jocelyn, meaning "Gaut." Compare with strictly masculine Joss.
JOSSLYN: Feminine form of English unisex Jocelyn, meaning "Gaut."
JOY: English name derived from the vocabulary word, "joy."
JOYCE: English unisex form of Norman French Josce, meaning "lord." In the Middle Ages, this was a masculine name, now it is almost strictly feminine. 
JOYE: Variant spelling of English Joy, meaning "joy."
JUANITA: Pet form of Spanish Juana, meaning "God is gracious." This is the feminine form of Juanito.
JUDI: Variant spelling of English Judy, meaning "Jewess" or "praised."
JUDIE: Variant spelling of English Judy, meaning "Jewess" or "praised."
JUDITH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yehuwdiyth, meaning "Jewess" or "praised." In the bible, this is the name of the wife of Esau. In the Book of Judith she beheads an Assyrian commander while he's sleeping.
JUDY: Pet form of English Judith, meaning "Jewess" or "praised."
JULES: Pet form of Roman Latin Julia, meaning "descended from Jupiter (Jove)."
JULI: English variant spelling of French Julie, meaning "descended from Jupiter (Jove)."
JULIA: Feminine form of Roman Latin Julius, meaning "descended from Jupiter (Jove)."
JULIANA: Feminine form of Roman Latin Julianus, meaning "descended from Jupiter (Jove)."
JULIANNA: 
Hungarian feminine form of Roman Latin Julianus, meaning "descended from Jupiter (Jove)."
Polish feminine form of Roman Latin Julianus, meaning "descended from Jupiter (Jove)."
JULIANNE: English feminine form of Roman Latin Julianus, meaning "descended from Jupiter (Jove)."
JULIE: French form of Roman Latin Julia, meaning "descended from Jupiter (Jove)."
JULIET: Pet form of French Julie, meaning "descended from Jupiter (Jove)."
JULIETTE: Pet form of French Julie, meaning "descended from Jupiter (Jove)."
JULY: English name derived from the name of the month which was named after Julius Cæsar, hence "descended from Jupiter (Jove)."
JUNE: English name derived from the name of the month which was named after the Roman goddess Juno, meaning "vital force." 
JUNIPER: English name derived from the name of the "juniper tree."
JUSTICE: English unisex name derived from a Middle English and Old French byname for a fair-minded person, meaning "equity, justice."
JUSTINA: Feminine form of Roman Latin Justinus, meaning "fair, just." Compare with another form of Justina.
JUSTINE: Feminine form of English Justin, meaning "fair, just."
JUSTY: Unisex pet form of English Justin and Justine, both meaning "fair, just."
KACEY: Variant spelling of English Casey, meaning "she who entangles men."
KACIE: Variant spelling of English Kacey, meaning "she who entangles men."
KADENCE: Feminine variant spelling of English unisex Cadence, meaning "flow of rhythm."
KAE: Variant spelling of English Kay, a short form of names beginning with "K." Compare with masculine Kae.
KAELEA: Variant spelling of English Kayley, meaning "slender." 
KAELEE: Variant spelling of English Kayley, meaning "slender." 
KAETY: Variant spelling of English Katie, meaning "pure."
KAILA: Altered form of English Kayley, meaning "slender." Compare with another form of Kaila.
KAILEE: Variant spelling of English Kayley, meaning "slender."
KAILEY: Variant spelling of English Kayley, meaning "slender."
KAILYN: Variant spelling of English Kaylyn, meaning "girl."
KAITLIN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Caitlín, meaning "pure."
KAITLYN: Variant spelling of English Kaitlin, meaning "pure."
KAITLYNN: Variant spelling of English Kaitlin, meaning "pure."
KALEIGH: Variant spelling of English Kayley, meaning "slender."
KALEY: Variant spelling of English Kayley, meaning "slender."
KALIE: Variant spelling of English Kayley, meaning "slender."
KALISHA: Modern English creation that is an elaborated form either of Lisha (a short form of longer names ending with -isha) or Alisha ("noble sort").
KALLA: Variant spelling of English Calla, meaning "beauty." 
KALYN: Variant spelling of English Kaylyn, meaning "girl."
KALYSTA: English variant spelling of Latin Callista, meaning "most beautiful."
KAMRYN: English feminine form of Scottish unisex Cameron, meaning "crooked nose."
KANDACE: English variant spelling of Greek Kandake, meaning "prince of servants." 
KANDI: Pet form of English Kandace, meaning "prince of servants." 
KARA: Variant spelling of English Cara, meaning either "beloved" or "friend."
KARAUGH: Variant spelling of English Kara, meaning either "beloved" or "friend."
KAREN: Danish form of Greek Aikaterine, meaning "pure." This name was brought to America by Scandinavian settlers.
KARENA: Variant spelling of English Carina, meaning "beloved." Compare with another form of Karena.
KARENZA: Variant spelling of English Kerensa, meaning "love."
KARI: Variant spelling of English Carrie, meaning "man." Compare with another form of Kari.
KARINA: Variant spelling of English Carina, meaning "beloved." Compare with other forms of Karina.
KARISSA: Variant spelling of English Charissa, meaning "grace."
KARLA: Feminine form of German Karl, meaning "man."
KARLEE: Variant spelling of English Carlie, meaning "man."
KARLENE: Pet form of German Karla, meaning "man."
KARLY: Variant spelling of English Carly, meaning "man."
KAROLYN: English variant form of French Caroline, meaning "man."
KARON: English variant spelling of Danish Karen, meaning "pure."
KARRIE: Variant spelling of English Carrie, meaning "man."
KARYN: English variant spelling of Danish Karen, meaning "pure."
KARYNA: Variant spelling of English Carina which originally meant "shell of a nut," later "keel of a ship."
KASANDRA: English variant spelling of Latin Cassandra, meaning "she who entangles men."
KASEY: Variant spelling of English unisex Casey, meaning "vigilant, wakeful."
KASSIA: English variant spelling of Latin Cassia, meaning "cassia," a bark similar to cinnamon. Compare with another form of Kassia.
KASSIDY: Variant spelling of English unisex Cassidy, meaning "curly(-headed)."
KASSY: Pet form of English Kassia, meaning "cassia," a bark similar to cinnamon.
KAT: Pet form of English Katherine, meaning "pure."
KATE: Pet form of English Katherine, meaning "pure."
KATEE: Variant spelling of English Katie, meaning "pure."
KATELIN: Variant spelling of English Kaitlin, meaning "pure."
KATELYN: Variant spelling of English Katelin, meaning "pure."
KATELYNN: Variant spelling of English Katelyn, meaning "pure."
KATEY: Variant spelling of English Katie, meaning "pure."
KATH: Short form of English Katherine, meaning "pure."
KATHARINE: Variant spelling of English Katherine, meaning "pure."
KATHARYN: Variant spelling of English Katherine, meaning "pure."
KATHERINE: English form of Latin Katherina, meaning "pure."
KATHERYN: Variant spelling of English Katherine, meaning "pure."
KATHERYNE: Variant spelling of English Katherine, meaning "pure."
KATHI: Variant spelling of English Kathy, meaning "pure."
KATHIE: Variant spelling of English Kathy, meaning "pure."
KATHLEEN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Caitlín, meaning "pure."
KATHLYN: Variant spelling of English Kathleen, meaning "pure."
KATHRYN: Variant spelling of English Katherine, meaning "pure."
KATHY: Pet form of English Katherine, meaning "pure."
KATIE: Pet form of English Katherine, meaning "pure."
KATLYN: Variant spelling of English Kaitlin, meaning "pure."
KATRINA: Variant spelling of English Catrina, meaning "pure." Compare with another form of Katrina.
KATRIONA: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Catríona and Scottish Gaelic Catrìona, both meaning "pure."
KATRYNA: Variant spelling of English Katrina, meaning "pure."
KATY: Variant spelling of English Katie, meaning "pure."
KAY: Short form of names beginning with the letter "K."
KAYCEE: English short form of longer names beginning with the letter "K." Compare with masculine Kay. 
KAYE: Variant spelling of English Kay, a short form of longer names beginning with the letter "K."
KAYLA: Variant form of English Kayley, meaning "slender." Compare with another form of Kayla.
KAYLEAH: Variant spelling of English Kayley, meaning "slender."
KAYLEE: Variant spelling of English Kayley, meaning "slender."
KAYLEEN: Probably a variant spelling of English Kaylyn, meaning "girl."
KAYLEIGH: Variant spelling of English Kayley, meaning "slender."
KAYLEY: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Caollaidhe, "descendant of Caolladhe," hence "slender."
KAYLIE: Variant spelling of English Kayley, meaning "slender."
KAYLIN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Cailín, meaning "girl."
KAYLY: Variant spelling of English Kayley, meaning "slender."
KAYLYN: Variant spelling of English Kaylin, meaning "girl."
KAYLYNN: Variant spelling of English Kaylin, meaning "girl."
KEARA: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Ciara, meaning "little black one."
KEAVY: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Caoimhe, meaning "beloved, comely." 
KEELAN: Irish surname transferred to unisex forename use, from a contracted form of the surname Keelahan, an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Céileacháin, "descendant of Ceileachain," hence "little companion."
KEELEIGH: Variant spelling of English Kayley, meaning "slender."
KEELEY: Irish surname transferred to forename use, derived from the English personal name Kayley, meaning "slender."
KEELIN: Variant spelling of English unisex Keelan, meaning "little companion." 
KEELY: Variant spelling of English Keeley, meaning "slender."
KEEVA: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Caoimhe, meaning "beloved, comely." 
KEIGHLEY: Variant spelling of English Kayley, meaning "slender."
KEILA: Probably a variant spelling of English Kayla, meaning "slender."
KEIRA: Variant spelling of English Keara, meaning "little black one." 
KEISHA: Modern form of English Keziah, meaning "cassia," a bark similar to cinnamon.
KEITHA: English feminine form of Scottish Keith, probably meaning "forest, wood."
KEITHIA: Variant spelling of English Keitha, probably meaning "forest, wood."
KELAN: Variant spelling of English unisex Keelan, meaning "little companion."
KELCEY: Variant spelling of English unisex Kelsey, meaning "ship-victory."
KELIA: Feminine variant spelling of English unisex Kelly, meaning "bright-headed."
KELL: Short form of English unisex Kelly, meaning "bright-headed."
KELLEIGH: Feminine form of English unisex Kelly, meaning "bright-headed."
KELLI: Feminine form of English unisex Kelly, meaning "bright-headed."
KELLEY: Variant spelling of English unisex Kelly, meaning "bright-headed."
KELLY: Anglicized unisex form of Irish Gaelic Ceallach, meaning "bright-headed."
KELSEY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from the Old Anglo-Saxon personal name Céolsige, meaning "ship-victory."
KELSI: Feminine form of English unisex Kelsey, meaning "ship-victory."
KELSIE: Feminine form of English unisex Kelsey, meaning "ship-victory."
KENDA: Feminine short form of English unisex Kendall, meaning "exalted effigy."
KENDAL: Variant spelling of English unisex Kendall, meaning "exalted effigy." 
KENDALL: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from the Welsh masculine personal name Cynddelw, meaning "exalted effigy." 
KENDRA: Feminine form of English Kendrick, meaning "keen power." 
KENINA: Feminine form of English Kenneth, meaning both "comely; finely made" and "born of fire." 
KENNA: Feminine form of English Kenneth, meaning both "comely; finely made" and "born of fire." Compare with another form of Kenna.
KENNEDY: Irish surname transferred to unisex forename use in honor of the assassinated American president John F. Kennedy, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Cinnéidigh, meaning "ugly head."
KENYA: Modern English name derived from the country name which was derived from the name of a mountain, probably from Kiinyaa, the Wakamba tribe's name for the mountain, meaning "mountain of the ostrich," because the mountain is said to have certain features of the ostrich when it is snow-covered. Compare with masculine Kenya.
KENZIE: Short form of Scottish unisex Mackenzie, meaning "comely, finely made."
KEREN: Anglicized form of Hebrew Qeren, meaning "horn (of an animal)." Also a short form of Keren-happuch, meaning "horn of antimony," a black paint used for eye-shadow.
KERENA: Variant form of English Keren, meaning "horn (of an animal)." 
KEREN-HAPPUCH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Qeren happuwk, meaning "horn of antimony," a black paint used for eye-shadow. In the bible, this is the name of one of Job's daughters born after his trial.
KERENHAPPUCH: Variant spelling of English Keren-happuch, meaning "horn of antimony," a black paint used for eye-shadow.
KEREN-HAPUCH: Variant spelling of English Keren-happuch, meaning "horn of antimony," a black paint used for eye-shadow.
KERENHAPUCH: Variant spelling of English Keren-happuch, meaning "horn of antimony," a black paint used for eye-shadow.
KERENSA: English name derived from the Cornish word kerensa, meaning "love."
KERENZA: Variant spelling of English Kerensa, meaning "love."
KERI: Feminine variant spelling of English unisex Kerry, meaning "Ciar's people." 
KERRI: Feminine variant spelling of English unisex Kerry, meaning "Ciar's people." 
KERRIE: Variant spelling of English unisex Kerry, meaning "Ciar's people." 
KERRY: 
English unisex name derived from the name of an Irish county, Ciarraí, meaning "Ciar's people." 
Variant spelling of English Carrie, meaning "man."
KERSTIN: 
Low German form of Latin Christina, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
Swedish form of Latin Christina, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
KESHIA: Variant form of English Keisha, meaning "cassia," a bark similar to cinnamon.
KESTREL: English name derived from the name of the bird of prey, from Old French cresserelle, a derivative of cressele, meaning "rattle," in reference to the sound of the bird's cry.
KETURAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Qetuwrah, meaning "incense." In the bible, this is the name of Abraham's second wife.
KETZIA: Variant spelling of English Kezia, meaning "cassia," a bark similar to cinnamon. 
KEYSHA: Variant spelling of English Keisha, meaning "cassia," a bark similar to cinnamon.
KEZIA: Anglicized form of Hebrew Qetsiyah, meaning "cassia," a bark similar to cinnamon. In the bible, this is the name of the second daughter of Job, born after his trial. 
KEZIAH: Variant spelling of English Kezia, meaning "cassia," a bark similar to cinnamon.
KIARA: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Ciara, meaning "little black one."
KIARRA: Variant spelling of English Kiara, meaning "little black one."
KIERA: Variant spelling of English Kiara, meaning "little black one."
KIERRA: Variant spelling of English Kiara, meaning "little black one."
KIERSTEN: Modern English spelling of Old English Kirsten, meaning "stone church," or Danish/Norwegian Kirsten, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
KIKI: English pet form of names beginning with the letter "K."
KILEY: Variant spelling of English Kylie, meaning "slender." Compare with another form of Kiley.
KILIE: Variant spelling of English Kylie, meaning "slender." Compare with another form of Kilie.
KIM: Short form of English unisex Kimberley, meaning "King's City Meadow." Compare with another form of Kim.
KIMBERLEE: Feminine form of English unisex Kimberley, meaning "King's City Meadow."
KIMBERLEIGH: Feminine form of English unisex Kimberley, meaning "King's City Meadow."
KIMBERLEY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, from the name of a South African town first brought to the public's notice by the Boer War in the 19th century. The town was named for Lord Kimberley whose ancestors derived their name from a place in England composed of the Old English elements cyne "king," burg "city" and leah "meadow, pasture," hence "King's City Meadow."
KIMBERLY: Feminine form of English unisex Kimberley, meaning "King's City Meadow."
KIMBERLYN: Modern English blend of Kimberly "King's City Meadow" and Lynn "lake."
KIMBRA: Pet form of English Kimberly, meaning "King's City Meadow."
KIMMY: Pet form of English Kimberly, meaning "King's City Meadow."
KINBOROUGH: Medieval English form of Anglo-Saxon Cyneburga, meaning "royal fortress."
KINGSLEY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, from the name of various places called Cyningesleah, composed of the Old English elements cyne "king," and leah "meadow, pasture," hence "king's meadow." 
KIRSTEEN: Variant spelling of Scottish Kirstin, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
KIRSTEN: Old English name meaning "stone church." Compare with another form of Kirsten.
KIRSTI: Finnish form of Latin Christina, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
KIRSTIE: Pet form of Scottish Kirstin, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
KIRSTIN: Variant spelling of Scottish Kirstine, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
KIRSTINE: Scottish form of Latin Christina, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
KIRSTY: Pet form of Scottish Kirstine, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
KISHA: Variant spelling of English Keisha, meaning "cassia," a bark similar to cinnamon.
KIT: Pet form of English Katherine, meaning "pure." Compare with masculine Kit.
KITTI: Variant spelling of English Kitty, meaning "pure." Compare with another form of Kitti.
KITTY: Pet form of English Katherine, meaning "pure." 
KIZZIE: Pet form of English Keziah, meaning "cassia," a bark similar to cinnamon.
KIZZY: Variant spelling of English Kizzie, meaning "cassia," a bark similar to cinnamon.
KLARA: English form of Latin Clara, meaning "clear, bright." 
KLAUDIA: English variant spelling of Roman Latin Claudia, meaning "lame." Compare with another form of Klaudia.
KODEY: Variant spelling of English unisex Kody, meaning "helper."
KODY: Variant spelling of English unisex Cody, meaning "helper."
KOLLEEN: Variant spelling of English Colleen, meaning "girl."
KOLOUR: English variant of the word "color" used as a name.
KORRINE: English variant spelling of French Corinne, meaning "maiden."
KORTNEY: Variant spelling of English unisex Courtney, meaning "short nose."
KOURTNEY: Variant spelling of English unisex Courtney, meaning "short nose."
KRIS: English unisex short form of longer names beginning with Kris-.
KRISSY: Variant spelling of English Chrissy, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
KRISTA: Variant spelling of Latin Christa, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ." Compare with another form of Krista.
KRISTAL: Variant spelling of English Crystal, meaning "crystal, ice." 
KRISTEEN: English form of French Christine, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
KRISTEL: Variant spelling of English Crystal, meaning "crystal, ice." 
KRISTEN: German form of French Christine, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
KRISTI: Variant spelling of English Kristy, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ." Compare with another form of Kristi.
KRISTIA: English variant spelling of French Christia, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
KRISTIE: Variant spelling of English Kristy, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
KRISTIN: Short form of Scandinavian Kristina and English Kristina, both meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
KRISTINA: English variant spelling of Latin Christina, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ." Compare with another form of Kristina.
KRISTINE: English variant spelling of French Christine, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ." Compare with another form of Kristine.
KRISTY: Variant spelling of English Christy, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
KRYSTAL: Variant spelling of English Crystal, meaning "crystal, ice."
KRYSTELLE: Variant spelling of English Crystal, meaning "crystal, ice."
KRYSTEN: English variant spelling of German Kristen, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
KRYSTINA: English variant spelling of Latin Christina, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
KRYSTINE: English variant spelling of French Christine, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
KRYSTLE: Variant spelling of English Crystal, meaning "crystal, ice."
KYM: Feminine form of English unisex Kim, meaning "King's City Meadow."
KYRSTEN: English form of Scottish Kirsten, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
LACEY: Variant spelling of English Lacy, meaning "lace-like."
LACIE: Variant spelling of English Lacy, meaning "lace-like."
LACY: English name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "lace-like." 
LADONNA: Elaborated form of English Donna, meaning "lady."
LADY: Pet form of English Adelaide, meaning "noble sort." In some instances it may be derived from the vocabulary word, meaning simply "lady."
LAGINA: Modern elaborated form of English Gina, meaning "earth-worker, farmer." 
LAIDEY: Variant spelling of English Lady, meaning "noble sort." 
LAINEY: English pet form of French Elaine, possibly meaning "torch."
LAKEISHA: Elaborated form of English Keisha, meaning "cassia," a bark similar to cinnamon.
LAKESHIA: Variant spelling of English Lakeisha, meaning "cassia," a bark similar to cinnamon.
LAKISHA: Variant spelling of English Lakeisha, meaning "cassia," a bark similar to cinnamon.
LALLA: English pet form of Greek Lalage, meaning "to babble." 
LALLIE: English pet form of Greek Lalage, meaning "to babble." 
LALLY: Variant spelling of English Lallie, meaning "to babble."
LANA: Short form of Latin Alana, possibly meaning "little rock." Compare with other forms of Lana.
LANEY: Variant spelling of English Lainey, possibly meaning "torch."
LARA: English variant spelling of Latin Laura, meaning "laurel." Compare with another form of Lara.
LARAINE: English variant spelling of French Lorraine, meaning "land of the people of Lothar."
LAREYNA: English elaborated form of French Lorraine, meaning "land of the people of Lothar."
LARI: English pet form of Latin Laura, meaning "laurel."
LARK: English unisex name derived from the vocabulary word, from Old English lawcere, meaning "song-bird."
LARYN: Variant spelling of English Lauren, meaning "of Laurentum."
LASHAWN: Modern feminine form of English Shawn, meaning "God is gracious."
LASHAY: Elaborated feminine form of English unisex Shay, probably meaning "strong." 
LASHONDA: Elaborated form of English Shawna, meaning "God is gracious."
LATANYA: English elaborated form of Latin Tania, probably meaning "father."
LATASHA: English elaborated form of Russian Tasha, meaning "birthday," or in Church Latin "Christmas day."
LATISHA: Variant spelling of English Letitia, meaning "happiness."
LATONYA: Elaborated form of English Tonya, possibly meaning "invaluable." 
LATOYA: Elaborated form of English Toya, probably meaning "toy."
LAUDINE: French name, possibly a diminutive form of Latin laude ("praise"), hence "little praiseworthy one." In Arthurian legend, Laudine is known as the Lady of the Fountain, the ruler of the mystical Castle of Landuc near a magical spring in Broceliande Forest guarded by her husband Esclados. When water from this magic spring was poured onto a nearby basin, a huge storm would begin. Calogrenant did this and was beaten for it. To avenge his cousin, Ywain killed Esclados. He fell instantly in love with Laudine the moment he saw her. Laudine's servant Lunete talked her into marrying him. 
LAURA: Feminine form of Latin Laurus, meaning "laurel." Or from Greek Lavra, meaning "an alley, a passage."
LAURAINE: English variant spelling of French Lorraine, meaning "land of the people of Lothar."
LAUREEN: English pet form of Latin Laura, meaning "laurel."
LAUREL: English name derived from the tree name. It is also used as a pet form of Latin Laura, meaning "laurel."
LAURELLE: Elaborated form of English Laurel, meaning "laurel."
LAUREN: Unisex form of English Laurence, meaning "of Laurentum."
LAURENA: Variant spelling of English Lorena, meaning "of Laurentum." 
LAURENCIA: Feminine form of English Laurence, meaning "of Laurentum."
LAURENE: Variant spelling of English Lauren, meaning "of Laurentum."
LAURIE: Unisex pet form of English Lauren and Laurence, both meaning "of Laurentum."
LAURINDA: English elaborated form of Latin Laura, meaning "laurel."
LAURINE: English pet form of Latin Laura, meaning "laurel."
LAURISSA: English pet form of Latin Laura, meaning "laurel."
LAURYN: Variant spelling of English Lauren, meaning "of Laurentum."
LAVENA: American English name, probably derived from the name of the famous Caffé Lavena in Venus, Italy, established by Carlos Lavena in 1750, from Latin Lavinia, possibly meaning "purity."
LAVENDER: English color and flower name derived from the vocabulary word, from Anglo-Saxon lavendre, from Late Latin lavendula which may ultimately derive from lividus, meaning "bluish, livid." Since 1840, the word has had the meaning "pale purple." 
LAVERN: Variant spelling of English Laverne, possibly meaning "spring-like; to be verdant." Compare with masculine Lavern.
LAVERNE: English form of Roman Latin Laverna, possibly meaning "spring-like; to be verdant." Compare with masculine Laverne.
LAVONE: Variant spelling of English Lavonne, meaning "yew tree."
LAVONNE: Modern English elaborated form of French Yvonne, meaning "yew tree."
LAWANDA: Modern English elaborated form of German Wanda, meaning "a Wend; a wanderer." A Wend was a term used to refer to migrant Slavs in the sixth century. 
LAYTON: Variant spelling of English unisex Leighton, meaning "leek garden."
LEA: Old English name meaning "meadow." Compare with another form of Lea.
LEAH: Variant spelling of Old English Lea, meaning "meadow." Compare with other forms of Leah.
LEANN: English compound name composed of Lea "meadow" and Ann "favor; grace," hence "graceful meadow."
LEANNA: English compound name composed of Lea "meadow" and Anna "favor; grace," hence "graceful meadow."
LEANNE: English compound name composed of Lea "meadow" and Anne "favor; grace," hence "graceful meadow."
LEANORA: Short form of Latin Eleanora, meaning "foreign; the other."
LEATRICE: Modern English blend of Hebrew Leah "weary" and Italian Beatrice "voyager (through life)," hence "weary voyager."
LEDA (Λήδα): Greek name meaning "woman." In mythology, this is the name of the mother of Castor, Pollux and Helen.
LEE: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, from the Old English word leah, meaning "meadow." 
LEEANN: English compound name composed of Lee "meadow" and Ann "favor; grace," hence "graceful meadow."
LEENA: Variant spelling of English Lina, a short form of names ending with -lina. Compare with other forms of Leena.
LEESA: Variant spelling of English Lisa, meaning "God is my oath."
LEIA: English variant spelling of Hebrew Leah, meaning "weary." Compare with another form of Leia.
LEIGH: Variant spelling of English unisex Lee, meaning "meadow." 
LEIGHTON: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, composed of the Old English elements leac "leek" and tun "enclosure, settlement," hence "leek garden."
LENA: Pet form of English Eleanor, meaning "foreign; the other."
LENORA: Pet form of Latin Eleanora, meaning "foreign; the other."
LENORE: Variant spelling of Latin Lenora, meaning "foreign; the other."
LEOLA: English feminine form of Latin Leo, meaning "lion." Compare with another form of Leola.
LEONA: Feminine form of Latin Leo, meaning "lion." 
LEONE: English variant spelling of Latin Leona, meaning "lion." Compare with masculine Leone.
LEONORA: Short form of Italian Eleanora, meaning "foreign; the other."
LEONORE: Short form of German Eleonore, meaning "foreign; the other."
LEONTYNE: English form of French Léontine, meaning "lion-like."
LES: Short form of English unisex Lesley, meaning "garden of hollies."
LESIA: Elaborated form of English Lisa, meaning "God is my oath." 
LESLEIGH: Feminine form of English unisex Lesley, meaning "garden of hollies."
LESLEY: Anglicized form of Scottish unisex Leslie, meaning "garden of hollies."
LESLIE: Scottish surname transferred to unisex forename use, from the place name Lesslyn in Aberdeenshire which got its name from Gaelic leas cuilinn, meaning "garden of hollies."
LESLY: Variant spelling of English unisex Lesley, meaning "garden of hollies."
LESSIE: Feminine pet form of Scottish unisex Leslie, meaning "garden of hollies."
LETHA: Short form of English Aletha, meaning "truth."
LETITIA: English form of Latin Lætitia, meaning "happiness."
LETTICE: Middle English form of Latin Lætitia, meaning "happiness."
LETTIE: Pet form of Middle English Lettice, meaning "happiness."
LETTY: Variant spelling of English Lettie, meaning "happiness."
LEWELLA: Variant spelling of English Louella, meaning "famous warrior." 
LEX: Short form of English unisex Alex, meaning "defender of mankind."
LEXA: English pet form of Latin Alexandra, meaning "defender of mankind."
LEXI: Variant spelling of English Lexy, meaning "defender of mankind."
LEXIA: English short form of Latin Alexia, meaning "defender."
LEXIE: Variant spelling of English Lexy, meaning "defender of mankind."
LEXINE: Elaborated form of English Lexy, meaning "defender of mankind."
LEXUS: Short form of Latin unisex Alexus, meaning "defender."
LEXY: English pet form of Latin Alexandra, meaning "defender of mankind."
LIANA: Short form of Latin Eliana, meaning "sun." 
LIANE: Short form of French Éliane, meaning "sun." 
LIBBIE: Variant spelling of English Libby, meaning "God is my oath."
LIBBY: Pet form of English Elizabeth, meaning "God is my oath."
LIBERTY: English name derived from the vocabulary word, from Latin libertas, meaning "freedom."
LICIA: Short form of English names ending with -licia. 
LIDDY: English pet form of Greek Lydia, meaning "of Lydia."
LILAC: English name derived from the name of the flowering bush. 
LILI: Variant spelling of English Lily, meaning "lily." Compare with other forms of Lili.
LILIAN: English name derived from Latin Liliana, meaning "lily."
LILIANNE: Elaborated form of English Lilian, meaning "lily."
LILIAS: Scottish form of Latin Liliana, meaning "lily."
LILITA: Pet form of English Lily, meaning "lily."
LILITH (לִילִית): Hebrew form of Sumerian Lilitu, meaning "of the night." In mythology, this is the name of a Mesopotamian storm demon associated with the wind and thought to bear disease and death. In ancient Semitic folklore, it is the name of a night demon. The oldest story considers Lilith to be Adam's first wife. In the bible, this is simply a word for a "screech owl." 
LILLI: Variant spelling of English Lily, meaning "lily."
LILLIA: Short form of English Lillian, meaning "lily."
LILLIAN: Variant spelling of English Lilian, meaning "lily."
LILLIE: Variant spelling of English Lily, meaning "lily."
LILLY: Variant spelling of English Lily, meaning "lily."
LILY: English name derived from the vocabulary word, lily, meaning simply "lily flower." 
LINA: Short form of English names ending with -lina. Compare with other forms of Lina.
LINDA: English name probably derived from Germanic lindi, meaning "serpent." In some cases, it may have been derived from the Spanish word for "pretty."
LINDSAY: Scottish surname transferred to English unisex forename use, composed of the name Lincoln and the Old English word ey "wetland," hence "Lincoln's wetlands." In Scotland, this is strictly a masculine name.
LINDSEY: Variant spelling of English unisex Lindsay, meaning "Lincoln's wetlands."
LINDSIE: Variant spelling of English unisex Lindsay, meaning "Lincoln's wetlands."
LINDY: Pet form of English Linda, meaning "serpent."
LINETTE: Variant spelling of English Lynette, meaning "little lake."
LINN: English short form of Latin Linnaea, meaning "twin flower." Compare with other forms of Linn.
LINNET: Variant spelling of English Linette, meaning "little lake." 
LINNETTE: Variant spelling of English Linette, meaning "little lake." 
LINNIE: Pet form of English Linda, meaning "serpent."
LINSAY: Variant spelling of English Linsey, meaning "Lincoln's wetlands."
LINSEY: Feminine form of English unisex Lindsay, meaning "Lincoln's wetlands."
LINSY: Variant spelling of English Linsey, meaning "Lincoln's wetlands."
LINZI: Variant spelling of English Linsey, meaning "Lincoln's wetlands."
LIS: Short form of English Elisabeth, meaning "God is my oath." 
LISA: Variant spelling of English Liza, meaning "God is my oath." Compare with another form of Lisa.
LISANNE: English compound name composed of Lis "God is my oath" and Anne "favor; grace."
LISBETH: Contracted form of English Elisabeth, meaning "God is my oath."
LISHA: Short form of English names ending with -isha or -licia.
LISSA: English short form of Greek Melissa, meaning "honey-sap."
LIVIA: Short form of English Olivia, probably meaning "elf army." Compare with another form of Livia.
LIVVY: Pet form of English Olivia, probably meaning "elf army."
LIZ: Short form of English Elizabeth, meaning "God is my oath."
LIZA: Short form of English Elizabeth, meaning "God is my oath." Compare with another form of Liza.
LIZBETH: Short form of English Elizabeth, meaning "God is my oath."
LIZETTE: English form of French Lisette, meaning "God is my oath."
LIZZIE: Pet form of English Elizabeth, meaning "God is my oath."
LIZZY: Variant spelling of English Lizzie, meaning "God is my oath."
LOGAN: Scottish surname transferred to unisex forename use, from the name of a place in Ayrshire, meaning "hollow, lowland." 
LOIS (Λωΐς): Greek name of uncertain origin, possibly meaning "agreeable." In the bible, this is the name of the grandmother of Timothy. Compare with masculine Lois.
LOLA: Pet form of Spanish Dolores, meaning "sorrows." 
LOLICIA: Modern English name, possibly a blend of Spanish Lola "sorrows" and Alicia "noble sort." 
LONDON: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, denoting someone "from London." The name may have pre-Celtic roots, meaning something like "place at the unfordable river."
LORA: Latin name meaning "sorrowful." Compare with another form of Lora.
LORAINE: English variant spelling of French Lorraine, meaning "land of the people of Lothar."
LORAINNE: English variant spelling of French Lorraine, meaning "land of the people of Lothar."
LORAYNE: English variant spelling of French Lorraine, meaning "land of the people of Lothar."
LOREEN: English name composed of Lora "laurel" and the Irish diminutive suffix -een, hence "little laurel tree."
LORELLE: Variant spelling of English Laurel, meaning "laurel."
LOREN: Variant spelling of English unisex Lauren, meaning "of Laurentum."
LORENA: Elaborated form of English Loren, meaning "of Laurentum." Compare with another form of Lorena.
LORENE: Variant spelling of English Loreen, meaning "little laurel tree."
LORETTA: English form of Italian Lauretta, meaning "little laurel tree."
LORETTE: English form of French Laurette, meaning "little laurel tree."
LORI: Variant spelling of English Lorri, meaning "land of the people of Lothar." Compare with another form of Lori.
LORIE: Variant spelling of English Lorrie, meaning "land of the people of Lothar."
LORIN: Variant spelling of English unisex Loren, meaning "of Laurentum." 
LORINA: Diminutive form of Latin Lora ("sorrowful"), meaning "little sorrowful one."
LORINDA: English elaborated form of Latin Lora ("sorrowful") or German Lora "laurel." 
LORNA: Character name used by English novelist R.D. Blackmore, possibly of Anglo-Saxon origin, meaning "forlorn, forsaken, lost." 
LORRAINE: French surname transferred to forename use, from the name of a French province, Lorraine, from Latin Lotharingia, meaning "land of the people of Lothar." In use by the English and Scottish.
LORRI: English pet form of French Lorraine, meaning "land of the people of Lothar."
LORRIE: Variant spelling of English Lorri, meaning "land of the people of Lothar."
LOTTIE: Pet form of French Charlotte, meaning "man."
LOTUS: English name derived from the flower name, from Latin lotus, from Greek lotos, a name for various kinds of plants before it came to designate the Egyptian "white lotus." The Greek word may ultimately come from Hebrew lowt, meaning "covering, veil."
LOU: English unisex short form of French Louis and Louise, both meaning "famous warrior." 
LOUANNA: English compound name composed of Lou "famous warrior" and Anna "favor; grace."
LOUELLA: Feminine pet form of English unisex Lou, meaning "famous warrior." 
LOUISA: Latin form of French Louise, meaning "famous warrior." 
LOUISE: Feminine form of French Louis, meaning "famous warrior." 
LOUIZA: English variant spelling of Latin Louisa, meaning "famous warrior." 
LOVE: English name derived from the vocabulary word, from Old English lufu, meaning "affection, friendliness, love." Compare with masculine Love.
LUANN: English compound name composed of Lou "famous warrior" and Ann "favor; grace."
LUANNE: Variant spelling of English Louanna, meaning "famous warrior" and "favor; grace."
LUCILE: English variant spelling of French Lucille, meaning "little light."
LUCILLE: French form of Roman Latin Lucilla, meaning "little light."
LUCY: English form of French Lucie, meaning "light." 
LUELLA: Variant spelling of English Louella, meaning "famous warrior." 
LUNET: Middle English form of French Lunete, meaning "idol, image."
LUVINIA: English variant spelling of Latin Lavinia, possibly meaning "purity." 
LUX: English unisex name derived from the Latin word lux, meaning "light."
LYDA: English contracted form of Greek Lydia, meaning "of Lydia."
LYDIA (Λυδία): Greek name meaning "of Lydia." In the bible, this is the name of a woman who was converted to Christianity by Paul.
LYNDA: Variant spelling of English Linda, meaning "serpent."
LYNDI: Pet form of English Lynda, meaning "serpent."
LYNDSAY: Feminine form of English unisex Lindsay, meaning "Lincoln's wetlands."
LYNDSEA: Feminine form of English unisex Lindsay, meaning "Lincoln's wetlands."
LYNDSEY: Feminine form of English unisex Lindsay, meaning "Lincoln's wetlands."
LYNET: Variant spelling of English Lynette, meaning "little lake."
LYNETTE: English diminutive form of Welsh Lyn ("lake"), meaning "little lake." In Arthurian legend, this is the name of the sister of Lyonesse. 
LYNN: Welsh name derived from the word llyn, meaning "lake." 
LYNNA: English elaborated form of Welsh Lynn, meaning "lake."
LYNNE: Variant spelling of Welsh Lynn, meaning "lake."
LYNNETTE: Variant spelling of English Lynette, meaning "little lake."
LYNSAY: Feminine form of English unisex Lindsay, meaning "Lincoln's wetlands."
LYNSEY: Feminine form of English unisex Lindsay, meaning "Lincoln's wetlands."
LYRA: English name derived from the constellation name, meaning "lyre."
LYRICA: Modern English name derived from Latin lyrica "lyric poem," from French lyrique "short poem expressing personal emotion," from Latin lyricus "of or for the lyre," from Greek lyrikos "singing to the lyre." 
LYS: Short form of English Lysandra, meaning "freer; liberator."
LYSANDRA: Feminine form of English Lysander, meaning "freer; liberator." Compare with another form of Lysandra.
LYSANNE: English compound name composed of English Lys "freer; liberator" and French Anne "favor; grace."
LYSETTE: English form of French Lisette, meaning "God is my oath."
LYSSA: Short form of English Alyssa, meaning either "noble sort" or "alyssum flower."
MAACHAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew unisex Maakah, meaning "to press, to squeeze," i.e. "oppression." In the bible this is the name of many characters, including one of King David's wives, and a son of Nahor.
MAB: 

Possibly an Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Meadhbh, meaning "intoxicating." 

Short form of English Mabel, meaning "lovable."

MABEL: Medieval short form of English Amabel, meaning "lovable." 

MABELLA: Pet form of English Mabel, meaning "lovable." 

MABELLE: English name derived from the French phrase ma belle, meaning "my beautiful one."

MABLE: Variant spelling of English Mabel, meaning "lovable." 

MACEY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, from a variant form of the surname Massey which was originally a pet form of Matthew, meaning "gift of God."

MACIE: Variant spelling of English unisex Macey, meaning "gift of God."

MACKENZIE: Scottish surname transferred to unisex forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Mac Coinnich "son of Coinneach," hence "comely; finely made."
MACY: Variant spelling of English unisex Macey, meaning "gift of God."
MADALYN: English variant spelling of French Madeline, meaning "of Magdala."
MÄDCHEN: English name derived from the German word for "girl."
MADDIE: Pet form of French Madeline, meaning "of Magdala."
MADDISON: Variant spelling of English unisex Madison, meaning "son of Madde."
MADELINE: Variant spelling of French Madeleine, meaning "of Magdala."
MADELYN: English variant spelling of French Madeline, meaning "of Magdala."
MADGE: Pet form of English Margaret, meaning "pearl."
MADISON: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, meaning "son of Madde."
MADISYN: Feminine variant spelling of English unisex Madison, meaning "son of Madde."
MADLYN: Contracted form of English Madelyn, meaning "of Magdala."
MADOLINE: English variant spelling of French Madeline, meaning "of Magdala."
MADONNA: English name derived from a Latin title of the Virgin Mary, meaning "my lady."
MADYSON: Feminine form of English unisex Madison, meaning "son of Madde."
MAE: Variant spelling of English May, a pet form of Margaret, meaning "pearl," and Mary, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion."
MAEGAN: Variant spelling of English Meagan, meaning "pearl."
MAEV: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Meadhbh, meaning "intoxicating."
MAEVA: Variant spelling of English Maeve, meaning "intoxicating."
MAEVE: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Meadhbh, meaning "intoxicating." In mythology, this is the name of a warrior queen of Connacht, the wife of Ailill.
MAEVEEN: Pet form of English Maeve, meaning "intoxicating."
MAG: Short form of English Maggie, meaning "pearl."
MAGDALEN: Old English form of Latin Magdalena, meaning "of Magdala."
MAGDALENE: English and German form of Greek Magdalēnē, meaning "of Magdala." In the bible, this is the name of a woman who was cleansed of sin by Jesus and remained with him throughout his ministry, and witnessed his crucifixion and resurrection. 
MAGGIE: Pet form of English Margaret, meaning "pearl."
MAGNOLIA: English name derived from the name of the flowering tree. 
MAHALA: Variant spelling of English unisex Mahalah, meaning "disease." 
MAHALAH: Variant spelling of English unisex Mahlah, meaning "disease." In the bible, this is the name of a Gileadite (sex uncertain), and the name of the eldest of Zelophehad's five daughters.
MAHALATH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Machalath, meaning "stringed instrument." In the bible, this is the name of a daughter of Ishmael.
MAHLAH: English unisex form of Hebrew unisex Machlah, meaning "disease." In the bible, this is the name of a Gileadite (sex uncertain), and the name of the eldest of Zelophehad's five daughters.
MAIDIE: From an English byname derived from a pet form of the word maid, meaning "young woman." 
MAISIE: 
Anglicized form of Scottish Mysie, a pet form of Mairead (English Margaret), meaning "pearl."
British English name meaning "field."
MAKAYLA: Variant spelling of English Michaela, meaning "who is like God?"
MAKEDA: Variant spelling of English Makkedah, meaning "place of shepherds." 
MAKENNA: Variant spelling of English Mckenna, meaning "born of fire."
MAKENZIE: Feminine form of English unisex Mackenzie, meaning "comely, finely made."
MAKKEDAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Maqqedah, meaning "place of shepherds." In the bible, this is the name of a place in Judah, near Beth Horon, mentioned in Joshua 15:41.  
MALA (Hindi: माला): 
Hindi name meaning "necklace." In use by the Romani.
Old English name meaning "meeting place."
MALACH: Anglicized form of Hebrew unisex Malak, meaning "angel, messenger." In the bible, malak is a word used to denote a messenger from God or from a private individual.
MALANDRA: Modern English compound name composed of Mal- ("dark, black") from Malinda, and Sandra "defender of mankind."
MALEAH: English variant spelling of Hawaiian Malia, a form of Latin Maria, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion."
MALINA: Feminine form of English Malcolm, meaning "devotee of St. Columba." Compare with other forms of Malina.
MALINDA: Variant spelling of English Melinda, meaning either "black/dark serpent" or "sweet serpent."
MALLORY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from a Norman French byname for an unfortunate person, from Old French malheure, meaning "unfortunate, unhappy, unlucky."
MALVINA: This name was invented by the Scottish poet James Macpherson, based on the Gaelic term mala mhin, meaning "smooth-brow." 
MAMIE: Pet form of English Mary "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion," and Margaret "pearl." 
MANDI: Variant spelling of English Mandy, meaning "lovable."
MANDY: Pet form of English Amanda, meaning "lovable."
MARA (מָרָה): Hebrew name meaning "bitter." In the bible, this is the name that Naomi gave herself after the death of her husband and sons.
MARALYN: Variant spelling of English Marilyn, a compound name meaning "rebel-lake."
MARCELYN: English variant spelling of French Marceline, meaning "defense" or "of the sea."
MARCI: Pet form of Roman Latin Marcia, meaning "defense" or "of the sea."
MARCIA: Feminine form of Roman Latin Marcius, meaning "defense" or "of the sea."
MARCIE: Variant spelling of English Marcy, meaning "defense" or "of the sea."
MARCY: English pet form of Roman Latin Marcia, meaning "defense" or "of the sea."
MARE: Latin name meaning "sea." Compare with another form of Mare.
MAREE: English variant spelling of French Marie, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion."
MARGARET: English form of French Marguerite, meaning "pearl."
MARGARITA: Latin form of Greek Margarites, meaning "pearl."
MARGE: Short form of English Margaret, meaning "pearl."
MARGERY: Medieval form of English Margaret, meaning "pearl."
MARGIE: Pet form of English Margaret, meaning "pearl."
MARGO: English variant spelling of French Margot, meaning "pearl."
MARGOT: Pet form of French Marguerite, meaning "pearl."
MARIA (Greek: Μαρία): 
Greek form of Hebrew Miryam, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including the mother of Jesus and a sister of Lazarus. 
Latin form of Greek or Aramaic Mariam, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion." 
MARIABELLA: English compound name composed of Latin Maria "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion," and Bella "God is my oath" or "beautiful."
MARIAH: 
English variant spelling of Latin Maria, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion."
Variant spelling of English Moriah, meaning "chosen by God." 
MARIAN: Medieval variant spelling of French Marion, meaning "little rebel." Compare with masculine Marian.
MARIANA: Feminine form of Roman Latin Marianus, meaning "like Marius."
MARIANNE: French form of Latin Marianna, meaning "like Marius."
MARIE: French form of Latin Maria, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion."
MARIEL: English variant spelling of French Marielle, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion."
MARIELLE: Pet form of French Marie, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion."
MARIGOLD: English name derived from the flower name, composed of the name Mary "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion" and the word "gold."
MARILENA: Elaborated form of English Mary, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion."
MARILENE: Elaborated form of English Mary, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion."
MARILOU: English compound name composed of Mary "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion" and Lou "famous warrior." 
MARILYN: Modern English compound name composed of Mary "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion," and Lyn "lake," hence "rebel-lake."
MARILYNN: Variant spelling of English Marilyn, meaning "rebel-lake."
MARINA: Feminine form of Roman Latin Marinus, meaning "of the sea."
MARINDA: Perhaps a transposed form of English Miranda, meaning "admirable."
MARIS: English religious name derived from the last element of a title of the Virgin Mary, stella maris, "star of the sea," hence "of the sea." Compare with masculine Maris.
MARISA: 
Modern elaborated form of Latin Maria, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion."
Variant spelling of English Marissa, meaning "of the sea."
MARISE: Variant spelling of English Marissa, meaning "of the sea." 
MARISELA: Elaborated form of English Maris, meaning "of the sea."
MARISSA: Modern English name derived from Latin maris, meaning "of the sea."
MARJE: Variant spelling of English Marge, meaning "pearl."
MARJETA: Slovene form of English Margaret, meaning "pearl."
MARJORIE: Variant spelling of English Margery, meaning "pearl."
MARJORY: Variant spelling of English Marjorie, meaning "pearl."
MARLA: English pet form of Latin Marlena, meaning "rebel of Magdala." 
MARLEE: Variant spelling of English Marlie, meaning "rebel of Magdala." 
MARLEEN: English variant form of Latin Marlena, meaning "rebel of Magdala." 
MARLENA: Contracted form of Latin Maria Magdalena, meaning "rebel of Magdala." 
MARLENE: German form of Latin Marlena, meaning "rebel of Magdala." 
MARLEY: Variant spelling of English Marlie, meaning "rebel of Magdala." 
MARLIE: Pet form of English Marleen, meaning "rebel of Magdala." 
MARLY: Variant spelling of English Marlie, meaning "rebel of Magdala." 
MARLYN: Contracted form of English Marilyn, meaning "rebel-lake."
MARNI: English pet form of Roman Latin Marina, meaning "of the sea."
MARNIE: Variant spelling of English Marni, meaning "of the sea."
MARSHA: English variant spelling of Latin Marcia, meaning "defense" or "of the sea."
MARSHAN: Modern English blend of Marsha "defense" or "of the sea" and Anne "favor; grace."
MARTA: Italian and Spanish form of Greek Martha, meaning "lady, mistress." 
MARTHA (Hebrew: מַרְתָּה, Aramaic: מַרְתָּא, Greek: Μάρθα): Greek name of Aramaic origin, meaning "lady, mistress." In the bible, this is the name of a sister of Lazarus.
MARTINA: Feminine form of Latin Martinus, meaning "of/like Mars." 
MARVA: Feminine form of English Marvin, meaning "marrow-eminent." 
MARY: Middle English form of French Marie (Greek & Latin Maria), meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including the mother of Jesus and a sister of Lazarus. 
MARYANN: Variant spelling of English Maryanne, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion" and "favor/grace."
MARYANNA: English compound name composed of Mary "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion" and Anna "favor; grace."
MARYANNE: English compound name composed of Mary "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion" and Anne "favor; grace."
MARYBETH: English compound name composed of Mary "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion" and Beth "God is my oath." 
MARYLOU: English compound name composed of Mary "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion" and Lou "famous warrior." 
MARYLU: Variant spelling of English Marylou, a compound name meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion" and "famous warrior."
MARYLYN: Variant spelling of English Marilyn, meaning "rebel-lake."
MARYVONNE: English compound name composed of Mary "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion" and Yvonne "yew tree." 
MATHILDA: 
Latin form of Teutonic Mechthild, meaning "mighty in battle." 
Scandinavian form of Teutonic Mechthild, meaning "mighty in battle." 
MATILDA: 
English form of Latin Mathilda, meaning "mighty in battle." 
Variant spelling of Scandinavian Mathilda, meaning "mighty in battle." 
MATTIE: Pet form of English Matilda, meaning "mighty in battle." Compare with masculine Mattie.
MATTY: Variant spelling of English Mattie, meaning "mighty in battle." Compare with masculine Matty.
MAUD: English form of French Maude, meaning "mighty in battle." Compare with another form of Maud.
MAUDE: Pet form of Norman French Mathilde, meaning "mighty in battle."
MAUDIE: Pet form of English Maud, meaning "mighty in battle."
MAULD: Middle English form of Norman French Mathilde, meaning "mighty in battle."
MAURA: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Máire, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion." Compare with another form of Maura.
MAUREEN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Máirín, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion."
MAURENE: Variant spelling of English Maureen, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion."
MAURINE: Variant spelling of English Maureen, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion."
MAVIS: English bird name, meaning "song thrush."
MAVREENA: Variant spelling of English Maureen, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion."
MAXENE: Variant spelling of English Maxine, meaning either "the greatest rival" or "the stream of Mack." 
MAXINE: Feminine form of English Max, meaning either "the greatest rival" or "the stream of Mack." 
MAY: 
English name sometimes given to baby girls born in the month of May which was named after the Greek goddess Maia, meaning "nursing mother." 
Pet form of English Margaret "pearl" and Mary "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion."
MAYBELLE: Elaborated form of English Mabel, meaning "lovable."
MAYBELLINE: Pet form of English Mabel, meaning "lovable."
MAYME: Variant spelling of English Mamie, a pet form of both Mary "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion" and Margaret "pearl." 
MAYRA: Elaborated form of English May, a pet form of English Margaret "pearl" and Mary "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion."
MCKAYLA: Variant spelling of English Michaela, meaning "who is like God?"
MCKENNA: Irish and Scottish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Mac Cionaodha, meaning "son of Cionaodh," hence "born of fire."
MCKENZIE: Variant spelling of English unisex Mackenzie, meaning "comely, finely made."
MEAD: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, denoting someone who "lives by a meadow." 
MEADE: Variant spelling of English unisex Mead, meaning "lives by a meadow."
MEADOW: English name derived from the vocabulary word, "meadow."
MEAGAN: Modern English form of Welsh Megan, meaning "pearl."
MEAVE: Variant spelling of English Maeve, meaning "intoxicating." 
MEED: Variant spelling of English unisex Mead, meaning "lives by a meadow."
MEG: Pet form of English Margaret, meaning "pearl."
MEGAN: Pet form of Welsh Mared, meaning "pearl." 
MEGGIE: Pet form of English Margaret, meaning "pearl."
MEL: Unisex short form of English names beginning with Mel-.
MELANIE: English form of French Mélanie, meaning "black, dark." 
MELANTHA: English name thought to probably be an elaborated form of the Greek word anthos, meaning "flower." 
MELANY: Variant spelling of English Melanie, meaning "black, dark."
MELBA: From the surname of a 19th century singer who took the name from the city of her birth, Melbourne, Australia, meaning "mill stream."
MELIA: Short form of English Amelia, meaning "work."
MELICENT: Variant spelling of English Millicent, meaning "strong worker."
MELINDA: Modern English compound name composed of Mel- (from Melissa ("sweet") or Melanie "black, dark") and Linda "serpent," hence "black/dark serpent" or "sweet serpent." 
MELIORA: Modern English name derived from the Latin word meliora, meaning "always improving."
MELISA: English variant spelling of Greek Melissa, meaning "honey-sap."
MELISSA (Μέλισσα): Greek name derived from the word melissa, meaning "honey-sap." In mythology, this is the name of a nymph who cared for Zeus in his infancy.
MELLE: Breton form of English Mary, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion." 
MELLONY: Variant spelling of English Melanie, meaning "black, dark." 
MELODY: English name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "melody."
MELVA: Feminine form of English Melvin, meaning "bad settlement." 
MELVEEN: Feminine form of English Melvin, meaning "bad settlement." 
MELYSSA: Modern English variant spelling of Greek Melissa, meaning "honey-sap."
MERCEDES: Spanish name derived from a title of the Virgin Mary, María de las Mercedes ("Mary of Mercies"), meaning "mercies."
MERCIA: Latin form of English Mercy, meaning "mercy."
MERCY: English name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "forgiveness, mercy."
MEREDITH: English unisex name derived from Welsh Meredydd, probably meaning "sea day" or "sea sun."
MERIDETH: Feminine variant of English unisex Meredith, meaning "sea day" or "sea sun."
MERIEL: Variant spelling of English Muriel, meaning "sea-bright."
MERILYN: Variant spelling of English Marilyn, meaning "rebel-lake."
MERIT: Compare with another form of Merit.
English name derived from the vocabulary word, from Latin meritus, meaning "deserving." 
Variant spelling of English unisex Merritt, meaning "boundary gate."
MERIWETHER: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from a byname for someone having a sunny disposition, composed of the Middle English elements merry "cheerful, lively" and wether "weather," hence "cheerful weather."
MERLA: Feminine form of English unisex Merle, meaning "blackbird."
MERLE: English unisex name, derived from the Old French word merle, meaning "blackbird." It first came to public notice in the 1930s with the actress Merle Oberon, and is mostly given to girls.
MERLETTA: Feminine pet form of English unisex Merle, meaning "blackbird."
MERLYN: Unisex form of English Merlin, meaning "sea fort."
MERRILL: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from the personal name Meriel, meaning "sea-bright."
MERRILYN: Variant spelling of English Marilyn, meaning "rebel-lake."
MERRITT: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, from the Old English term moere gaet, meaning "boundary gate." 
MERRY: Originally a form of English Mercy "forgiveness, mercy," today it this name is usually chosen form its association with the word "cheerful" and "jolly." 
MERYL: Variant spelling of English unisex Merrill, meaning "sea-bright."
MERYLE: Variant spelling of English unisex Merrill, meaning "sea-bright."
MICHAELA: Feminine form of English Michael, meaning "who is like God?"
MICHAL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Miykal, meaning "who is like God." In the bible, this is the name of a daughter of king Saul. Compare with masculine Michal.
MICHAYLA: Variant spelling of English Michaela, meaning "who is like God?"
MICHELLE: Feminine form of French Michel, meaning "who is like God?"
MICHELYNE: English variant spelling of French Micheline, meaning "who is like God?"
MICKEY: Unisex pet form of English Michael and Michaela, both meaning "who is like God?"
MIDGE: Variant spelling of English Madge, meaning "pearl."
MIGNON: English name derived from the French word mignon, meaning "charming, delicate, pretty." 
MIGNONETTE: English name derived from a diminutive form of the French word mignon ("charming, delicate, pretty"), hence "little delicate one." 
MIKAYLA: Variant spelling of English Michaela, meaning "who is like God?"
MIKKI: Pet form of English Michaela, meaning "who is like God?"
MILDRED: Modern spelling of Middle English Mildredd, meaning "gentle strength."
MILDREDD: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Mildryth, meaning "gentle strength."
MILDRETH: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Mildryth, meaning "gentle strength."
MILICENT: Variant spelling of English Milisent, meaning "strong worker."
MILISENT: English variant spelling of Norman French Melisent, meaning "strong worker."
MILLA: English short form of Roman Latin Camilla, possibly meaning "attendant (for a temple)."
MILLESANT: Variant spelling of English Milisent, meaning "strong worker."
MILLICENT: Variant spelling of English Milicent, meaning "strong worker."
MILLIE: Pet form of English Milicent, meaning "strong worker."
MILLY: Variant spelling of English Millie, meaning "strong worker."
MINDY: Pet form of English Melinda, meaning "black/dark serpent" or "sweet serpent." 
MINNIE: Pet form of German Wilhelmina, meaning "will-helmet."
MINTA: English form of Latin Mintha, meaning "mint." 
MINTY: Pet form of English Minta, meaning "mint." 
MIRA: Variant spelling of English Myra, meaning "myrrh." Compare with other forms of Mira.
MIRABEL: English name derived from French Mirabelle, meaning "wonderful."
MIRACLE: English name derived from the vocabulary word, from Latin miraculum, meaning "marvel, wonder."
MIRANDA: English Shakespearean name, derived from Latin mirandus, meaning "worthy of admiration." 
MIRIAM: Anglicized form of Hebrew Miryam, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion." In the bible, this is the name of a woman of Judah, and the sister of Aaron and Moses.
MISSIE: Variant spelling of English Missy, meaning "honey-sap."
MISSY: Pet form of English Melissa, meaning "honey-sap."
MISTI: Variant spelling of English Misty, meaning "dim, cloudy, vague." 
MISTY: English name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "dim, cloudy, vague." It is often chosen as a name because of the mental images it evokes, such as a misty autumn morning or a hazy tropical island.
MO: Pet form of English Maureen, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion." Compare with masculine Mo.
MODESTY: English name derived from the vocabulary word, from Middle French modestie, from Latin modestus, meaning "moderate, sober."
MOIRA: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Máire, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion." 
MOLL: Short form of English Molly, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion." 
MOLLIE: Variant spelling of English Molly, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion." 
MOLLY: Pet form of English Mary, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion." 
MONA: Compare with another form of Mona.
Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Muadhnait, meaning "little noble one."
Short form of English Monica, possibly meaning "advise, counsel."
MONAT: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Muadhnait, meaning "little noble one."
MONDAY: English name derived from the week day name, composed of the Old English elements mona "moon" and d�g "day," hence "moon day." 
MONICA: Latin name, possibly derived from the Latin word monere, meaning "advise, counsel."
MONIKA: English variant spelling of Latin Monica, possibly meaning "advise, counsel."
MONNA: Variant spelling of English Mona, meaning "little noble one" or "advise, counsel." 
MONTA: Feminine form of English Monty, meaning "pointed hill."
MONTANA: English name derived from the state name, meaning "mountainous."
MORA: English pet form of names beginning with Mor-.
MOREEN: 
Anglicized pet form of Irish Gaelic M�r, meaning "great." 
Variant spelling of English Maureen, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion."
MORGAN: Welsh name, derived from ancient Celtic Morcant, probably meaning "sea circle." In use by the English as a unisex name.
MORGANA: Elaborated form of Welsh Morgan, probably meaning "sea circle."
MORGANE: English variant spelling of French Morgaine, probably meaning "sea circle."
MORGEN: Variant spelling of English Morgan, probably meaning "sea circle." 
MORIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Mowriyah, meaning "chosen by God." In the bible, this is the name of the mountain where Abraham prepared to sacrifice Isaac to God.
MORNA: Anglicized form of Irish and Scottish Gaelic Muirne, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion." 
MORVEN: English name derived from the Scottish place name Morvern, from Gaelic Mhorbhairne, meaning "the big gap."
MOULD: Variant spelling of Middle English Mauld, meaning "mighty in battle."
MOYNA: English variant spelling of Celtic Moina, meaning "gentle, soft."
MOYRA: Variant spelling of English Moira, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion." 
MURIEL: Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Muireall, meaning "sea-bright."
MYA: English variant spelling of Danish/Swedish Mia, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion," or Greek Maia, meaning "mother."
MYRA: English name invented by the 17th century poet Fulke Greville, which may have been based on the Greek word myrrha, "myrrh," a fragrant, bitter sap derived from the Commiphora tree and used in healing salves, perfumes and incenses. In ancient times, myrrh was worth more than its weight in gold, priced at 5 times that of frankincense, and it was one of the gifts of the Magi to the baby Jesus.
MYRANDA: Variant spelling of English Miranda, meaning "worthy of admiration." 
MYRIAM: Variant spelling of English Miriam, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion." 
MYRNA: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Muirne, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion."
MYRTIE: Pet form of English Myrtle, meaning "little myrtle."
MYRTLE: English name derived from the vocabulary word, myrtle, the name of a flowering shrub or tree, derived from the Old French diminutive myrtille, meaning "little myrtle."
NADIA: English form of Russian Nadya, meaning "hope." Compare with another form of Nadia.
NADINE: Pet form of French Nâdiya, meaning "hope."
NAN: Short form of English Nancy, meaning "favor; grace."
NANA: Pet form of English Nancy, meaning "favor; grace." Compare with other forms of Nana.
NANCY: English diminutive form of French Anne, meaning "favor; grace." 
NANETTE: Diminutive form of English Nan ("favor; grace"), hence "little favorable one" or "little graceful one."
NANNA: Pet form of English Nancy, meaning "favor; grace." Compare with another form of Nanna.
NANNIE: Variant spelling of English Nanny, meaning "favor; grace."
NANNY: English pet form of French Anne, meaning "favor; grace." 
NAOMI: Anglicized form of Hebrew No'omiy, meaning "my delight, my pleasantness." In the bible, this is the name of the mother-in-law of Ruth. Compare with another form of Naomi.
NATALEE: Variant spelling of English Natalie, meaning "birthday," or in Church Latin "Christmas day."
NATALIE: English form of Latin Natalia, meaning "birthday," or in Church Latin "Christmas day." 
NATILLE: Variant spelling of English Natalie, meaning "birthday," or in Church Latin "Christmas day."
NATISHA: English altered form of Russian Natasha, meaning "birthday," or in Church Latin "Christmas day."
NEHUSHTA: Anglicized form of Hebrew Nechushta, meaning "brass." In the bible, this is the name of the wife of King Jehoiakim, the mother of Jehoiachin.
NEILE: Feminine form of English Neil, meaning "champion." 
NEILINA: Pet form of English Neile, meaning "champion." In use by the Scottish.
NELDA: Old English name meaning "lives by the alder trees."
NELL: Pet form of English Eleanor, meaning "foreign; the other."
NELLA: Pet form of English Eleanor, meaning "foreign; the other."
NELLE: Pet form of English Eleanor, meaning "foreign; the other."
NELLIE: Diminutive form of English Nell, meaning "foreign; the other."
NELLY: Variant spelling of English Nellie, meaning "foreign; the other."
NENA: English variant spelling of French Nina, meaning "favor; grace." Compare with other forms of Nena.
NERINE: Feminine form of Greek Nereus, meaning "daughter of Nereus" or "sea sprite" or "wet one." It is also the name of a genus of plants native to South Africa but now spread worldwide. It is a bulb plant that produces beautiful pink funnel-shaped flowers in the fall, similar to the Belladonna Lily, though smaller. In use by the English.
NERISSA: English Shakespeare creation, derived from Greek Nereis, meaning "nymph, sea sprite." 
NESSA: Short form of English Vanessa, possibly meaning "to appear." Compare with other forms of Nessa.
NESSIE: Pet form of English Vanessa, possibly meaning "to appear."
NETTA: Pet form of English names ending with the sound of net. Compare with another form of Netta.
NETTIE: Pet form of English names ending with the sound of net. 
NEVA: Old English name meaning "new." Compare with other forms of Neva.
NEVADA: English unisex name derived from the U.S. state name, meaning "snow-capped."
NEVAEH: Modern English name created by spelling "heaven" backwards.
NEVE: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Niamh,  meaning "beauty, brightness."
NICHOLA: Feminine form of English Nicholas, meaning "victor of the people."
NICHOLE: English form of French Nicole, meaning "victor of the people." 
NICKY: Unisex pet form of English Nichola/Nichole and Nicholas, meaning "victor of the people."
NICOLA: Feminine form of Italian Nicolò, meaning "victor of the people."
NICOLE: Feminine form of French Nicolas, meaning "victor of the people."
NICOLETTE: Pet form of French Nicole, meaning "victor of the people."
NIGELIA: Feminine form of English Nigel, meaning "champion."
NIKKI: Pet form of English Nichole, meaning "victor of the people."
NIKKOLE: Variant spelling of English Nichole, meaning "victor of the people."
NINA (Hebrew: נִינָה): 
Hebrew name meaning "granddaughter" or "great-granddaughter."
Native American Quechua name meaning "fire."
Pet form of French Anne, meaning "favor; grace."
Short form of Russian Annina, meaning "favor; grace."
Spanish word for a "little girl."
NIRVANA: Modern English name derived from the Sanskrit word nirvana, meaning "disappearance, extinction (of the soul)." 
NOA: Variant spelling of English Noah, meaning "motion." 
NOAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew No'ah, meaning "motion." In the bible, this is the name of a daughter of Zelophehad. Compare with masculine Noah. 
NOELE: English form of French Noële, meaning "day of birth."
NOELENE: Pet form of English Noele, meaning "day of birth."
NOELLA: Pet form of English Noelle, meaning "day of birth."
NOELLE: English form of French Noëlle, meaning "day of birth."
NOLA: Feminine form of English Nolan, meaning "little champion" or "little chariot fighter."
NOLENE: Feminine form of English Nolan, meaning "little champion" or "little chariot fighter."
NONA: Old English name derived from Latin nonus, meaning "ninth." Usually given to the ninth born child if it is female. Compare with another form of Nona.
NONI: Variant form of Old English Nona, meaning "ninth."
NONIE: Variant spelling of Old English Noni, meaning "ninth." Compare with another form of Nonie.
NORA: English form of Irish Nóra, meaning "honor, valor." Compare with another form of Nora.
NORAH: Variant spelling of English Nora, meaning "honor, valor."
NORBERTA: Feminine form of Old French Norbert, meaning "bright northman" or "famous northman."
NOREEN: Pet form of Irish Nóra, meaning "honor, valor."
NORENE: Variant spelling of Irish Noreen, meaning "honor, valor."
NORMA: Feminine form of English Norman, meaning "northman." Compare with another form of Norma.
NOVA: Modern English name derived from Latin novus, meaning "new." Compare with another form of Nova.
NUBIA: From the African country name, itself possibly from the Egyptian word nbw, meaning "gold."
NYDIA: Created by author Edward Bulwer-Lytton for the heroine of his 1834 novel The Last Days of Pompeii, possibly derived from the Latin word nidus, meaning "nest."
NYREE: English form of Maori Ngaire, possibly meaning "flax."
OANEZ: Breton form of English Agnes, meaning "chaste; holy." 
OCEAN: English unisex name derived from the vocabulary word, from Latin Oceanus, from Greek Okeanos, meaning "ocean."
OCTAVIA: Feminine form of Roman Octavius, meaning "eighth."
ODA: English name derived from Greek oide, meaning "song." Compare with another form of Oda.
OHNDREA: Variant form of English Andrea, meaning "man; warrior."
OHNDREEA: Variant form of English Andrea, meaning "man; warrior."
OHNDRIA: Variant form of English Andrea, meaning "man; warrior."
OLIVE: English name derived from the tree name, "olive," from Latin oliva, from Greek elaia, the name of a Mediterranean fruit-bearing evergreen tree. The name was popular in the 19th century because the olive branch has been a symbol of "peace" since biblical times.
OLIVETTE: Pet form of English Olive, meaning "olive tree."
OLIVIA: English name created by Shakespeare who may have intended it to be a feminine form of Oliver, probably meaning "elf army."
OLLIE: Unisex pet form of English Oliver and Olivia, both probably meaning "elf army."
OLYVIA: Variant spelling of English Olivia, probably meaning "elf army."
OMEGA (Ωμέγα): English unisex name derived from the last letter of the Greek alphabet. This name was used occasionally by Victorian parents for a "last-born child." 
ONA: Variant spelling of English Oona, possibly meaning "famine, hunger." Compare with another form of Ona.
ONDREA: Variant form of English Andrea, meaning "man; warrior."
ONDREEA: Variant form of English Andrea, meaning "man; warrior."
ONDRIA: Variant form of English Andrea, meaning "man; warrior."
ONEIDA: English name derived from the name of the Iroquois tribe, meaning "standing stone, upright stone."
ONNDREA: Variant form of English Andrea, meaning "man; warrior."
ONNDRIA: Variant form of English Andrea, meaning "man; warrior."
OONA: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Úna, possibly meaning "famine, hunger."
OONAGH: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Úna, possibly meaning "famine, hunger."
OPAL: English name, derived from the name of the gemstone, from Greek opallios, from Sanskrit utpala, meaning "gem, precious stone." This is the birthstone for the month of October.
OPALINE: Elaborated form of English Opal, meaning "gem, precious stone."
OPHELIA (Greek: Οφέλια): Feminine form of Greek Ophelos, meaning "help." This name was used by Shakespeare for an ill-omened character in Hamlet.
OPRAH: Feminine variant spelling of Hebrew unisex Ophrah, meaning "fawn." 
ORA: English unisex name derived from Latin orare, meaning "to pray." Compare with another form of Ora.
ORABEL: English name derived from Italian Orabella, meaning "golden beautiful."
ORALEE: Variant spelling of English Oralie, meaning "golden." Compare with another form of Oralee.
ORALIE: English form of French Aurélie, meaning "golden."
ORCHID: English name derived from the flower name, from Greek orkhis, meaning "testicle," from Proto-Indo-European orghi-, the base root for for the word "testicle." The plant was given this name because of the shape of its root. 
ORIANA: Latin name first found in the medieval romance Amadis of Gaul, as the name of the king's daughter who married the Gaulish knight Amadis, possibly from the medieval Latin word oroana, meaning "golden." 
ORIANE: French from of Latin Oriana, possibly meaning "golden."
ORIANNE: Variant spelling of French Oriane, possibly meaning "golden."
ORLA: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Órfhlaith, meaning "gold-princess."
ORLAGH: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Órfhlaith, meaning "gold-princess."
ORLENDA: English variant spelling of Italian Orlanda, meaning "famous land."
ORMONDA: Feminine form of English Ormond, meaning "descendant of Ruadh."
ORNA: Variant spelling of English Ornat, meaning "little sallow one." Compare with another form of Orna.
ORNAT: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Odharnait, meaning "little sallow one." Compare with another form of Ornat.
OSSIA: Feminine form of English Ossian, meaning "little deer."
OWENA: Feminine form of English and Welsh Owen, meaning "born of yew."
PAGE: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from a status name for a young boy who was apprenticed to a knight, hence "page; young servant."
PAGET: Feminine diminutive form of English unisex Page, meaning "little patrician; little servant."
PAIGE: Feminine form of English unisex Page, meaning "page; young servant."
PAISE: Short form of English unisex Paisley, meaning "church." 
PAISLEY: Scottish surname transferred to unisex forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Pàislig, possibly meaning "church."
PAM: Short form of English Pamela, meaning "all honey."
PAMELA: English name created by Sir Philip Sidney for his 1590 poem "Arcadia." It is composed of the Greek elements pan "all" and meli "honey," hence "all honey."
PAMELIA: Elaborated form of English Pamela, meaning "all honey."
PAMELLA: Variant spelling of English Pamela, meaning "all honey."
PAMILA: Variant spelling of English Pamela, meaning "all honey."
PANSY: English name derived from the flower name, from the Old French word pensee, meaning "thought."
PARIS: Modern English unisex name derived from the French capital city, Paris, from the name of a Gaulish tribe called the Parisii, who once lived on the site. Compare with strictly masculine Paris.
PARRIS: Variant spelling of English unisex Paris, a modern name derived from the French capital city, Paris, from the name of a Gaulish tribe called the Parisii, who once lived on the site. 
PAT: English unisex short form of English Patrick and Latin Patricia, meaning "patrician; of noble birth."
PATIENCE: A Christian virtue name, derived from the English vocabulary word, patience, from Latin pati, meaning "to suffer." The Puritans considered it virtuous "to suffer" misfortune and persecution without complaint or loss of faith. 
PATRICIA: Feminine form of Latin Patricius, meaning "patrician; of noble birth."
PATSY: English unisex name meaning "patrician; of noble birth." It is a pet form of both English Patrick and Latin Patricia. 
PATTI: Variant spelling of English Pattie, meaning "patrician; of noble birth."
PATTIE: Variant spelling of English Patty, meaning "patrician; of noble birth."
PATTY: English pet form of Latin Patricia, meaning "patrician; of noble birth."
PAULA: English feminine form of English/French Paul, meaning "small."
PAULEEN: Pet form of English Paula, meaning "small."
PAULENE: Pet form of English Paula, meaning "small."
PAULETTA: Pet form of English Paula, meaning "small."
PAULETTE: Pet form of French Paule, meaning "small."
PAULINA: Feminine form of Latin Paulinus, meaning "small."
PAULINE: French form of Latin Paulina, meaning "small."
PAYTON: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, from a place name composed of Old English Pæga and the word tun "enclosure, settlement," hence "Pæga's settlement."
PEACE: English name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "peace." 
PEARL: English gem name derived from the vocabulary word, from Latin perla, meaning "pearl." The pearl is the birthstone for the month of June.
PEARLE: Variant spelling of English Pearl, meaning "pearl."
PEARLIE: Pet form of English Pearl, meaning "pearl."
PEG: Short form of English Peggy, meaning "pearl."
PEGGIE: Variant spelling of English Peggy, meaning "pearl."
PEGGY: Pet form of English Peg, meaning "pearl." It is a variant spelling of Meggie, the pet form of Meg. The reason for the change from "M" to "P," which also occurs in Molly and Polly, is not known.
PEN: English short form of Latin Penelope, meaning "weaver of cunning."
PENE: English short form of Latin Penelope, meaning "weaver of cunning."
PENELOPE: Latin form of Greek Penelopeia, meaning "weaver of cunning." In mythology, this is the name of the patient wife of Odysseus who waited ten years for his return during which she refused several proposals of marriage by princes.
PENINA: Anglicized form of Hebrew Peninnah, meaning "coral" or "pearl." 
PENINNA: Anglicized form of Hebrew Peninnah, meaning "coral" or "pearl." 
PENNEY: Variant spelling of English Penny, meaning "weaver of cunning."
PENNY: English pet form of Latin Penelope, meaning "weaver of cunning."
PEONY: English name derived from the flower name, peony, which was named after the physician god Pæon because the flower was formerly used in medicine. 
PERDITA: English name created by Shakespeare, derived from the Latin word perditus, meaning "lost."
PERLIE: Variant spelling of English Pearlie, meaning "pearl."
PERONEL: Medieval English contracted form of Roman Latin Petronel, meaning "little rock."
PERONELLE: Variant spelling of English Peronel, meaning "little rock."
PERSEPHONE (Περσεφόνη): Greek name probably composed of the elements persô "person; human being" and phonos "murderer, slayer," hence "person-slayer." In mythology, this is the name of a goddess of the underworld, a daughter of Zeus and Demeter. Her Roman name is Proserpina.
PETRA: Feminine form of Latin Petrus, meaning "rock, stone."
PETULA: Possibly an English Christian coinage derived from Latin petulare, meaning "to ask," hence "supplicant."
PETUNIA: English name derived from the flower name, from French petun, an obsolete word for the tobacco plant.
PEYTON: Variant spelling of English unisex Payton, meaning "Pæga's settlement."
PHEBE: English variant spelling of Greek Phoebe, meaning "shining one."
PHEMIE: Short form of English Euphemie, meaning "Well I speak."
PHEOBE: Modern English variant spelling of Latin Phoebe, meaning "shining one."
PHILIPA: Feminine form of English Philip, meaning "lover of horses."
PHILIPPA: Feminine form of English Philip, meaning "lover of horses."
PHILIPPINA: Anglicized form of Spanish Felipina, meaning "lover of horses."
PHILIS: English variant spelling of Greek Phyllis, meaning "foliage."
PHILLIDA: Variant spelling of Greek Phyllida, meaning "foliage." In use by the English.
PHILLIPA: Feminine form of English Philip, meaning "lover of horses."
PHILLIS: English variant spelling of Greek Phyllis, meaning "foliage."
PHOEBE: Latin form of Greek Phoibe, meaning "shining one." In mythology, this is the name of a Titan goddess of bright intellect.
PHOENIX: Latin form of Greek Phoinix, meaning "crimson." In mythology, this is the name of an immortal bird who would rise from its own ashes after being consumed by fire every 500 years. The name has been adopted into English use as a unisex name.
PHRONA: English short form of Greek Sophronia, meaning "self-controlled."
PHYLISS: English variant spelling of Greek Phyllis, meaning "foliage."
PHYLLIDA: Feminine form of Greek Phyllidos, meaning "foliage." In use by the English.
PHYLLIS (Φυλλίς): Feminine form of Greek Phyllidos, meaning "foliage." In mythology, this is the name of a girl who killed herself over love and was transformed into an almond tree, meaning "foliage."
PIETY: English name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "piety."
PIPER: English occupational surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from Middle English pipere, meaning "pipe-player."
PIPPA: Pet form of English Philippa, meaning "lover of horses." It is the feminine equivalent of masculine Pip.
PLEASANCE: English form of Old French Plaisance, meaning "pleasant."
PLEASANT: English name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning simply "pleasant."
PNEUMA (Πνεῦμα): English name derived from Greek pneuma, meaning "breath," or, metaphorically, a non-material being or influence, i.e. "spirit."
POLLIE: Variant spelling of English Polly, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion." 
POLLY: Alternate form of English Molly, "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion." The reason for the change from "M" to "P" is not known.
POLLYANNA: English compound name composed of Polly "obstinate, rebellious" and Anna "favor, grace."
POPPY: English name derived from the flower name, from Latin papaver, which may be a reduplication of the base *pap-, meaning "to swell." 
PORTIA: English Shakespeare character name derived from Roman Latin Porcius, meaning "pig." A moon of Uranus was given this name.
POSEY: Variant spelling of English Posy, meaning both "bouquet, flower" and "(God) shall add (another son)."
POSIE: Variant spelling of English Posy, meaning both "bouquet, flower" and "(God) shall add (another son)."
POSY: 
English name derived from the flower name which originally meant "a line of verse engraved on the inner surface of a ring," but later acquired the meaning "bouquet, flower."
Pet form of English Josephine, meaning "(God) shall add (another son)." 
PRAISE: English name derived from the vocabulary word, "praise," from Old French preisier, from Late Latin preciare, meaning "price," hence "to value."
PRIMROSE: English name derived from the flower name, from Latin prima rosa, meaning "first rose." 
PRIMULA: English name derived from Latin prima, meaning "first, prime."
PRINCESS: English name derived from the title, itself from Old French princesse, a feminine form of Prince, meaning "chief, first."
PRIS: English short form of Roman Latin Priscilla, meaning "ancient."
PRISCILLA: Latin form of Greek Priskilla, meaning "ancient." In the New Testament bible, this is the name of Aquila's wife.
PRISSY: English pet form of Latin Priscilla, meaning "ancient."
PRU: Short form of English Prudence "cautious" and Prunella "little prune."
PRUDENCE: English form of Latin Prudentia, meaning "cautious." This is a virtue name popular with the Puritans. Some others are Charity, Chastity, Faith, Honor, and Hope.
PRUE: Short form of English Prudence "cautious" and Prunella "little prune."
PRUNELLA: English name composed of Latin pruna "plum" and a diminutive suffix, hence "little prune."
PURDIE: Pet form of English Perdita, meaning "lost."
QIANA: Modern English name derived from the name of a silky nylon fiber developed by DuPont in 1968. 
QUANDA: Old English name meaning "companion."
QUANNA: African American name, of uncertain origin, possibly a variant form of the masculine Comanche name Quanah, meaning "fragrant."
QUEEN: English name derived from the vocabulary word, queen, from Old English cwen "queen," from Germanic kwen, meaning "wife."
QUEENA: Elaborated form of English Queen, meaning "queen" or "wife."
QUEENIE: Pet form of English Queen, meaning "queen" or "wife."
QUELLA: Old English name derived from the word cweald, meaning "kill."
QUENBY: Old English name meaning "queen's castle."
QUIANA: English variant spelling of Hawaiian Kiana, meaning "divine, heavenly."
QUIANNA: Variant spelling of English Quiana, meaning "divine, heavenly."
QUIBILAH: Egyptian name meaning "peaceful."
QUILLA: Middle English name meaning "feather, quill."
QUINTA: Feminine form of English Quintin, meaning "fifth."
RACHAEL: Variant form of English Rachel, meaning "ewe."
RACHEAL: Variant spelling of English Rachel, meaning "ewe."
RACHEL: Compare with another form of Rachel.
Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Raghnaid, meaning "battle counsel."
Anglicized form of Greek Rhachel, meaning "ewe." In the bible, this is the name of Jacob's wife.
RACHELLE: Variant form of English Rachel, meaning "ewe."
RACHYL: Variant form of English Rachel, meaning "ewe."
RACQUEL: Variant form of English Rachel, meaning "ewe."
RAE: English name, possibly derived from the vocabulary word ray, meaning "sunbeam."
RAELENE: Elaborated form of English Rae, possibly meaning "sunbeam."
RAELYN: English compound name composed of Rae "sunbeam" and Lyn "lake," hence "sunbeam lake."
RAHAB: Anglicized form of Greek Rhaab/Rhachab and Hebrew Rachab, meaning "ample, broad, spacious, wide." In the bible, this is the name of a harlot of Jericho who aided the spies in their escape and was saved from destruction.
RAHEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Rachel, meaning "ewe." In the bible, this is the name of Jacob's favorite wife, and mother of Joseph and Benjamin.
RAIN: Modern English name, either derived from from the vocabulary word, or a revival of the medieval English personal name Rayne, meaning "queen." Compare with masculine Rain.
RALPHINA: Feminine form of English Ralph, meaning "wise wolf."
RANDA: Short form of English Miranda, meaning "worthy of admiration." 
RANDI: Variant spelling of English Randy, meaning "worthy of admiration."
RANDY: Pet form of English Miranda, meaning "worthy of admiration." Compare with masculine Randy. 
RAPHAELA: English feminine form of Greek Raphael, meaning "healed of God" or "whom God has healed."
RASCHELLE: Elaborated form of English Rachel, meaning "ewe."
RAVEN: English unisex name derived from the bird name raven, from Old English hræfn, so-called from the harsh sounds it makes.
RAVENNA: Either from the Italian city name, of unknown meaning, or a feminine form of English unisex Raven, meaning "raven (the bird)."
RAYLENE: Feminine form of English Ray, meaning "wise protector."
RAYMONDA: Feminine form of English Raymond, meaning "wise protector."
RAYNE: Medieval English name derived from Old French reine (Latin regina), meaning "queen." Compare with another form of Rayne.
REAGAN: Irish surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Riagáin, "descendant of Riagán," hence "furious, impulsive."
REANNA: Variant spelling of English Rhianna, meaning "maiden." 
REBA: Pet form of English Rebecca and Rebekah, meaning "ensnarer." Compare with another form of Reba.
REBECCA: Anglicized form of Greek Rhebekka, meaning "ensnarer." In the bible, this is the name of the wife of Isaac.
REBECCAH: Variant spelling of English Rebecca, meaning "ensnarer."
REBECCANNE: Compound name composed of English Rebecca "ensnarer" and French Anne "favor, grace."
REBECKA: Variant spelling of English Rebekah, meaning "ensnarer." Compare with another form of Rebecka.
REBECKAH: Variant spelling of English Rebekah, meaning "ensnarer."
REBEKAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Ribqah, meaning "ensnarer." In the bible, this is the name of the wife of Isaac.
REENE: English variant spelling of French Renée, meaning "reborn."
REENIE: English pet form of Latin Irene, meaning "peace."
REETA: English variant spelling of Spanish Rita, meaning "pearl." Compare with another form of Reeta.
REGAN: English Shakespearian name, possibly derived from the Irish Gaelic word ríogan, meaning "queen."
REGANA: Elaborated form of English Regan, meaning "queen." 
REGENA: English variant spelling of Latin Regina, meaning "queen."
REGINA: Latin name meaning "queen." 
REILLY: Variant spelling of English unisex Riley, meaning "rye meadow. 
RENIE: English pet form of Latin Irene, meaning "peace."
RETHA: Short form of English Aretha, meaning "virtue."
REXANA: Variant spelling of English Rexanne, meaning "queen."
REXANNE: Feminine form of English Rex ("king"), hence "queen."
RHEANNA: Variant spelling of English Rhianna, meaning "maiden."
RHETA: English variant spelling of Spanish Rita, meaning "pearl." 
RHETTA: Feminine form of English Rhett, meaning "advice."
RHIANNA: English elaborated form of Welsh Rhian, meaning "maiden." 
RHODA: Latin form of Greek Rhodē, meaning "rose." In the bible, this is the name of a servant in the house of Mary.
RHONA: Old Scottish name, possibly meant to be a feminine form of English/Scottish Ronald, meaning "wise ruler." 
RHONDA: English name derived from a Welsh place name, Rhondda Valley, which was named after the river running through it, meaning "noisy." 
RIA: English short form of Latin Maria "obstinate, rebellious" and Victoria "conqueror." Compare with another form of Ria.
RICHARDA: Feminine form of English Richard, meaning "powerful ruler."
RICHARDINE: Feminine form of English Richard, meaning "powerful ruler."
RICHELLE: Pet form of English Richarda, meaning "powerful ruler."
RICHENDRA: Feminine form of English Richard, meaning "powerful ruler."
RICKENA: Feminine form of English Rick, meaning "powerful ruler."
RIKA: English short form of names ending with -rika. Compare with another form of Rika.
RILEY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, from a place name composed of the Old English elements ryge "rye" and leah "clearing, meadow," hence "rye meadow."
RIMON: Unisex form of English Rimmon, meaning "pomegranate." 
RINA: 
Short form of Roman Latin Marina, meaning "of the sea."
Short form of various Anglicized forms of Irish Ríona, meaning "pure."
Variant spelling of Hebrew unisex Rinnah, meaning "shouting for joy." 
RIO: English unisex name derived from the Spanish word for "river."
RIPLEY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, from the name of various places composed of the Old English elements ripel "strip of land" and leah "clearing, meadow," hence "cleared strip of land."
RITA: Short form of Spanish Marguerita, meaning "pearl."
RIZPAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Ritspah, meaning "hot coal" or "pavement." In the bible, this is the name of one of King Saul's concubines.
ROBBIE: Unisex pet form of English Robert and Roberta, meaning "bright fame." 
ROBERTA: 
Feminine form of English Robert, meaning "bright fame."
Feminine form of Latin Robertus, meaning "bright fame." In use by the Italians, Portuguese and Spanish. 
ROBIN: Unisex pet form of English Robert and Roberta, meaning "bright fame." This name is also sometimes given as a bird name.
ROBINA: Feminine form of English unisex Robin, meaning "bright fame."
ROBYNNE: Feminine form of English unisex Robin, meaning "bright fame."
RON (רוֹן): Hebrew unisex name meaning "joy, song." Compare with strictly masculine Ron.
RONA: Variant spelling of English/Scottish Rhona, meaning "wise ruler." Compare with another form of Rona.
RONALDA: Feminine form of English/Scottish Ronald, meaning "wise ruler."
RONDA: Variant spelling of English Rhonda, meaning "noisy." 
RONI: English short form of Latin Veronica, meaning "bringer of victory." Compare with another form of Roni.
RONIT: Anglicized form of Irish Rathnait, meaning "little prosperous one." Compare with another form of Ronit.
RONNETTE: Pet form of English Ronnie, meaning "bringer of victory."
RONNIE: English pet form of Latin Veronica, meaning "bringer of victory." Compare with masculine Ronnie. 
ROS: Short form of English Rosalind, meaning "weak horse." Compare with another form of Ros.
ROSA: Medieval Latin name meaning "rose." Compare with another form of Rosa.
ROSABEL: English form of Italian Rosabella, meaning "beautiful rose."
ROSALEEN: Variant spelling of English Rosalyn, meaning "weak horse."
ROSALIN: Variant spelling of English Rosalyn, meaning "weak horse."
ROSALINA: Latin form of English Rosalyn, meaning "weak horse."
ROSALIND: Often translated "lovely rose" using Latin elements, this name was introduced to Britain by the Normans and is therefore more likely to be of Germanic origin, probably composed of the elements hros "horse" and lind "weak, tender," hence "weak horse."
ROSALINE: Variant spelling of English Rosalyn, meaning "weak horse."
ROSALYN: Medieval English form of Germanic Rosalind, meaning "weak horse."
ROSALYNNE: Variant spelling of English Rosalyn, meaning "weak horse."
ROSAMOND: Variant spelling of German Rosamund, meaning "horse-protection."
ROSANNA: Italian compound name composed of Rosa "rose" and Anna "favor, grace," hence "rose of grace."
ROSANNAH: Variant spelling of Italian Rosanna, meaning "rose of grace."
ROSANNE: English compound name composed of Rose "rose" and French Anne "favor-grace," hence "rose of grace."
ROSASHARN: English flower name meaning "Rose of Sharon." This was the name of a character in John Steinbeck's novel The Grapes of Wrath.
ROSE: Today, this English name is most often given as a flower name, or used as a short form of the herb name Rosemary. However, it was in use throughout the Middle Ages (long before herb and flower names became popular) and probably originated as a short form of longer Germanic names containing the word hrod, meaning "horse."
ROSEANN: Variant spelling of English Rosanne, meaning "rose of grace."
ROSEANNE: Variant spelling of English Rosanne, meaning "rose of grace."
ROSELYN: Variant spelling of English Rosalyn, meaning "weak horse."
ROSEMARIE: German compound name composed of Rose "rose" and Marie "obstinate, rebellious."
ROSEMARY: English name derived from the herb name, "rosemary," from Latin rosmarinus, composed of ros "dew" and marinus "the sea," literally meaning "dew of the sea." In some cases the name may be a compound of Rose "rose" and Mary "obstinate, rebellious."
ROSHEEN: Anglicized form of Irish Róisín, meaning "little rose."
ROSIE: Pet form of English Rose, meaning "rose."
ROSLYN: Variant spelling of English Rosalyn, meaning "weak horse."
ROSY: Variant spelling of English Rosie, meaning "rose."
ROWAN: English name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "rowan tree." Compare with masculine Rowan. 
ROWANNE: Variant spelling of English Rowan, meaning "rowan tree." 
ROWENA: This name first appears in the chronicles of Geoffrey of Monmouth; Sir Walter Scott then brought the name to the public's attention by using it to name a character in his novel Ivanhoe. It is the Latin form of an uncertain Anglo-Saxon name, perhaps Hrodwyn, meaning "famous joy."
ROWINA: Variant spelling of Latin Rowena, possibly meaning "famous joy."
ROXANA: Latin form of Persian Roušanak, meaning "dawn." This was the name of a wife of Alexander the Great.
ROXANE: French form of Latin Roxana, meaning "dawn." 
ROXANNA: Variant spelling of Latin Roxana, meaning "dawn."
ROXANNE: Variant spelling of French Roxane, meaning "dawn." This is the preferred spelling used by the English.
ROXIE: English pet form of French Roxanne, meaning "dawn."
ROXY: Variant spelling of English Roxie, meaning "dawn."
ROYSE: Medieval English name derived from Latin Rohesia, which is probably a horse-related name.
ROZ: Short form of English Rosalind, meaning "weak horse." 
ROZANNE: Variant spelling of English Rosanne, meaning "rose of grace."
ROZENN: Breton name meaning "rose."
RUBIE: Variant spelling of English Ruby, meaning "ruby."
RUBINA: Elaborated form of English Ruby, meaning "ruby."
RUBY: English name derived from the name of the precious stone, from Latin ruber, meaning "red." This is the birthstone for July. Compare with masculine Ruby. 
RUBYE: Variant spelling of English Ruby, meaning "red" or "ruby."
RUTH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Ruwth ("appearance" or "friendship") and Greek Rhouth ("a female friend"). In the bible, this is the name of a Moabite who marries Naomi's son, an ancestor of David and of Christ. 
RUTHIE: Pet form of English Ruth, meaning "appearance" or "a female friend."
RYANA: Feminine form of English Ryan ("little king"), meaning "little queen."
RYANNE: Variant spelling of English Ryana, meaning "little queen."
RYLEE: Feminine form of English unisex Riley, meaning "rye meadow."
SABELLA: English short form of Latin Isabella, meaning "God is my oath."
SABINA: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Sadhbh, meaning "sweet." Compare with another form of Sabina.
SABLE: English name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "black," as a heraldic color. It is sometimes confused with the mammal of the same name but which has brown fur, not black, and which has a different origin.
SABRINA: Latin form of Severn, the name of a river in England where a Celtic goddess dwelt. The Old Welsh form of Severn is Habren. The name is of uncertain origin, possibly from Hebrew Sabra, the name for a native-born Israeli, meaning "thorny cactus." 
SABRYNA: English variant spelling of Latin Sabrina, possibly meaning "thorny cactus."
SADIE: Old English diminutive form of Hebrew Sarah, meaning "noble lady, princess." 
SAFFIE: Pet form of English Saffron, meaning "saffron (the spice)."
SAFFRON: English name derived from the name of the spice which comes from the crocus flower, ultimately from Arabic aṣfar, meaning "yellow."
SAGE: English unisex name which can mean either "sage (the spice)" or "profoundly wise one."
SAL: Short form of English Sally, meaning "noble lady, princess." Compare with masculine Sal.
SALAL: English unisex name derived from the name of the "Salal berry plant" used in making jams and jellies.
SALENA: Variant spelling of English Selina, meaning "moon."
SALINA: Variant spelling of English Selina, possibly meaning "moon."
SALLI: Variant spelling of English Sally, meaning "noble lady, princess."
SALLIE: Variant spelling of English Sally, meaning "noble lady, princess."
SALLY: Originally an English pet form of Hebrew Sarah, meaning "noble lady, princess," it is now given as an independent name.
SALOME: Anglicized form of Greek Salōmē, meaning "peaceful." In the New Testament bible, this is the name of a woman who witnessed Christ's crucifixion. It is also said (by the historian Josephus) to have been the name of the daughter of Herodias (consort of Herod Antipas), who demanded the head of John the Baptist after dancing for Herod.
SAM: Unisex short form of English Samantha and Samuel, both meaning "heard of God," "his name is El," or "name of God."
SAMANTA: Italian form of English Samantha, meaning "heard of God," "his name is El," or "name of God."
SAMANTHA: American name of uncertain origin, probably intended to be a feminine form of English Samuel, meaning "heard of God," "his name is El," or "name of God."
SAMMI: Pet form of English Samantha, meaning "heard of God," "his name is El," or "name of God."
SAMMIE: Variant spelling of English unisex Sammy, meaning "heard of God," "his name is El," or "name of God."
SAMMY: Unisex pet form of English Samantha and Samuel, both meaning "heard of God," "his name is El," or "name of God."
SANDIE: English pet form of Latin Alexandra, meaning "defender of mankind."
SANDRA: Short form of Italian Alessandra, meaning "defender of mankind."
SANDY: English unisex pet form of Latin Alexandra and English Alexander, both meaning "defender of mankind."
SAPPHIRE: English name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "sapphire." This is a birthstone for the month of August.
SARA: Anglicized form of Greek Sarra, meaning "noble lady, princess." In the bible, this is the name that God gave to Sarai, wife of Abraham. This form of the name is in wide use throughout Europe: Dutch, German, Greek, Italian, Polish, Portuguese, Spanish, Scandinavian, and Slovene.
SARAH (שָׂרָה): Hebrew name meaning "noble lady, princess." In the bible, this is the name that God gave to Sarai, wife of Abraham.
SARAHJEANNE: English compound name composed of Hebrew Sarah "noble lady, princess" and French Jeanne "God is gracious."
SARANNA: English compound name composed of Hebrew Sarah "noble lady, princess" and Latin Anna "favor, grace."
SARIAH: English elaborated form of Hebrew Sarah, meaning "noble lady, princess."
SARINA: Variant spelling of English Serena, meaning "serene, tranquil."
SAUNDRA: Scottish diminutive form of Latin Alexandra, meaning "defender of mankind."
SAVANNA: Variant spelling of English Savannah, meaning "savannah."
SAVANNAH: English name derived from the Taino word zabana, meaning "savannah."
SCARLET: 
English color name meaning "scarlet red."
Variant spelling of English Scarlett, meaning "dyer" or "seller of fabrics."
SCARLETT: English occupational surname for a "dyer" or "seller of fabrics," transferred to forename use, derived from Old French escarlate, meaning "scarlet cloth." 
SCHEHERAZADE: Anglicized form of Persian Shahrazad, meaning "city-person."
SCHOLASTICA: Roman name derived from the Latin word scholasticus, meaning "scholar."
SCHUYLER: Dutch surname transferred to English unisex forename use, meaning "protection, shelter." 
SCOUT: English name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning simply "scout," used by author Harper Lee for a character in her novel To Kill a Mockingbird. 
SEANNA: Feminine form of English Sean, meaning "God is gracious."
SEDONA: From the name of the state of Arizona in the United States of America, a place considered sacred by the Native Americans. It was named after Sedona Miller Schnebly (1877-1950), the wife of the city's first postmaster. Meaning unknown.
SELA (סֶלַע): Anglicized form of Hebrew Cela, meaning "a rock." In the Old Testament bible, this is the name of the capital city of Edom, possibly an early name for Petra. In use as a unisex name.
SELAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Cela, meaning "a rock." In the Old Testament bible, this is the name of the capital city of Edom, possibly an early name for Petra. In use as a unisex name.
SELBY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from a place name composed of the Old Norse elements selja "willow" and býr "farm, settlement," hence "willow settlement."
SELINA: Possibly an English form of Latin Selena, meaning "moon." This name was first recorded in the 17th century.
SELMA: Possibly an English contracted form of Arabic Selima, meaning "peaceful." Compare with other forms of Selma.
SEONA: Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Seònaid, meaning "God is gracious."
SEPTEMBER: English unisex name derived from the month name, which was originally the seventh month of the Roman year, meaning "seventh."
SEPTIMA: Feminine form of Roman Latin Septimus, meaning "seventh."
SEQUOIA: From the Native American Cherokee name of the giant redwood trees that grow in California. The tree was named after the half-blooded scholar George Gist, inventor of the Cherokee alphabet. The name Sequoia ("pig's foot"), was given to him after a hunting accident disfigured his foot.
SERENA: Latin name derived from the word serenus, meaning "serene, tranquil."
SERENITY: English name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "serenity."
SERINA: English variant spelling of Latin Serena, meaning "serene, tranquil."
SERRENA: English variant spelling of Latin Serena, meaning "serene, tranquil."
SESSY: Pet form of English Cecily, meaning "blind."
SHAE: Feminine variant spelling of English unisex Shea, probably meaning "hawk-like." 
SHAELYN: Modern English compound name composed of Shae "hawk-like" and Lynn "lake."
SHAN: Anglicized form of Welsh Siân, meaning "God is gracious." Compare with another form of Shan.
SHANA: Anglicized form of Welsh Siani, meaning "God is gracious." Compare with another form of Shana.
SHANELLE: Either a variant spelling of English Chanel "pipe" or an elaborated form of English Shan "God is gracious."
SHANENE: Elaborated form of English Shan, meaning "God is gracious."
SHANIA: Elaborated form of English Shan, meaning "God is gracious."
SHANICE: Elaborated form of English Shan, meaning "God is gracious."
SHANIKA: Elaborated form of English Shan, meaning "God is gracious."
SHANIQUA: Variant spelling of English Shanika, meaning "God is gracious."
SHANNA: Variant spelling of English Shannah, meaning "lily."
SHANNAH: English name derived from Hebrew Shoshannah, meaning "lily."
SHANNEN: Variant spelling of English unisex Shannon, meaning "old river" or "river of wisdom."
SHANNON: English unisex name derived from the name of a river in Ireland, composed of the Gaelic elements sean "old, wise" and abhann "river," hence "old river" or "river of wisdom."
SHANTAE: Pet form of English Shantel or Shantelle, meaning "stony place."
SHANTEL: Variant spelling of English Chantel, meaning "stony place."
SHANTELLE: Elaborated form of English Shantel, meaning "stony place."
SHAQUILA: English variant form of Arabic Shakila, meaning "beautiful."
SHARALYN: Variant spelling of English Sherilyn, meaning "darling lake."
SHARI: Variant spelling of English Sherry, meaning "darling."
SHARISE: English variant form of French Cerise, meaning "cherry." 
SHARLA: Variant spelling of English Charla, meaning "man."
SHARLEEN: Variant spelling of English Charlene, meaning "man."
SHARLENE: Variant spelling of English Sharleen, meaning "man."
SHARMAIN: Variant spelling of English Sharmaine, meaning "sing."
SHARMAINE: Variant spelling of English Charmaine, meaning "sing." 
SHARON: Anglicized form of Hebrew Sharown, meaning "plain, level ground." In the bible, this is the name of a valley in Palestine. The name is sometimes given because of its association with the flowering shrub called Rose of Sharon. 
SHARONA: Elaborated form of English Sharon, meaning "plain, level ground."
SHARRON: Variant spelling of English Sharon, meaning "plain, level ground."
SHARYL: Variant spelling of English Cheryl, probably meaning "darling beryl."
SHARYN: Variant spelling of English Sharon, meaning "plain, level ground."
SHAUNA: Feminine form of English Shaun, meaning "God is gracious."
SHAVONNE: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Siobhán, meaning "God is gracious."
SHAWNA: Feminine form of English Shawn, meaning "God is gracious."
SHAWNDA: Elaborated form of English Shawna, meaning "God is gracious."
SHAWNEE: English name derived from the name of a tribe of Native American people, meaning "southern people."
SHAY: Variant spelling of English unisex Shea, possibly meaning "hawk-like." 
SHAYE: Variant spelling of English unisex Shea, possibly meaning "hawk-like."
SHAYLA: Variant spelling of English Sheila, meaning "blind."
SHAYLYN: Modern English compound name composed of Shae "hawk-like" and Lyn "lake."
SHAYNE: Feminine form of English Shane, meaning "God is gracious." Compare with another form of Shayne.
SHEA: Irish surname transferred to unisex forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Séaghdha ("descendant of Séaghdha"), possibly meaning "hawk-like." 
SHEBA (Hebrew: שֶׁבַע): Compare with masculine Sheba.
Short form of Hebrew Bathsheba, meaning "daughter of the oath."
Variant spelling of English Shebah, meaning "oath" or "seven."
SHEBAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Shibah, meaning "oath" or "seven." In the bible, this is the name of a well named by Isaac.
SHEELAGH: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Síle, meaning "blind."
SHEENA: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Síne, meaning "God is gracious."
SHEENAGH: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Síne, meaning "God is gracious."
SHEILA: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Síle, meaning "blind."
SHELAGH: Variant spelling of English Sheelagh, meaning "blind."
SHELBY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from a place name composed of the Middle English elements schele "hut" and by "farm, settlement," hence "settlement of huts."
SHELENA: English variant form of Latin Selena, meaning "moon."
SHELIA: Variant form of English Sheila, meaning "blind."
SHELL: Short form of English unisex Shelley, meaning "clearing near a ledge/slope."
SHELLEY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from the name of various places meaning "clearing near a ledge/slope."
SHELOMITH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Shelomiyth, meaning "peaceful." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including a daughter of Dibri of the tribe of Dan.
SHENA: Variant spelling of English Sheena, meaning "God is gracious."
SHEONA: Variant spelling of English Seona, meaning "God is gracious." 
SHERAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew She'era, meaning "kinswoman." In the bible, this is the name of a daughter of Ephraim.
SHEREE: Variant spelling of English Sherry, meaning "darling."
SHERI: Variant spelling of English Sherry, meaning "darling."
SHERIE: Variant spelling of English Sherry, meaning "darling."
SHERILL: Variant spelling of English Cheryl, possibly meaning "darling beryl."
SHERILYN: Variant spelling of English Cherilyn, meaning "darling lake."
SHERISSE: Modern English form of French Cerise, meaning "cherry." 
SHERLEY: Variant spelling of English Shirley, meaning "bright clearing."
SHERRI: Variant spelling of English Sherrie, meaning "darling."
SHERRIE: Variant spelling of English Sherry, meaning "darling."
SHERRY: Variant spelling of English Cherie, meaning "darling."
SHERYL: Variant spelling of English Cheryl, possibly meaning "darling beryl."
SHERYLL: Variant spelling of English Cheryl, possibly meaning "darling beryl."
SHEVAUN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Siobhán, meaning "God is gracious." 
SHEVON: Variant spelling of English Shevaun, meaning "God is gracious." 
SHIRLEE: Variant spelling of English Shirley, meaning "bright clearing." Compare with another form of Shirlee.
SHIRLEY: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the name of various places composed of the Old English elements scir "bright" and leah "clearing, meadow," hence "bright meadow."
SHONA: Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Seònaid, meaning "God is gracious."
SHONDA: Variant spelling of English Shawnda, meaning "God is gracious."
SHULAMIT: Short form of English Shulamite, meaning "peaceful." 
SHULAMITE: Anglicized form of Hebrew Shuwlammiyth, meaning "peaceful." In the bible, this is the name of the maiden celebrated in the Song of Solomon. 
SHULAMMITE: Variant spelling of English Shulamite, meaning "peaceful."
SHYLA: Variant form of English Sheila, meaning "blind."
SIBYL (Σίβύλ): Short form of Greek Sibylla, meaning "prophetess." The sibyls are first mentioned by Heraclitus in the 5th century BC. "The Sibyl, with frenzied mouth uttering things not to be laughed at, unadorned and unperfumed, yet reaches to a thousand years with her voice by aid of the god," originally one of the chthonic earth-goddesses.
SIDNEY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, from a Norman baronial name from Saint-Denis in France, meaning "St. Denis."
SIENA: Variant spelling of English Sienna, meaning "reddish-orange." 
SIENNA: English name derived from the vocabulary word sienna, meaning "reddish-orange." 
SIERRA: English name derived from the Spanish word, sierra, meaning "mountain range."
SILVER: English unisex name meaning "silver," which may refer to either the precious metal or the color.
SILVIA: Feminine form of Roman Latin Silvius, meaning "from the forest." Compare with another form of Silvia.
SINDY: Variant spelling of English Cindy, meaning "woman from Kynthos." 
SISSIE: Variant spelling of English Sissy, meaning "blind."
SISSY: Pet form of English Cecily, meaning "blind."
SIVE: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Sadhbh, meaning "sweet."
SKUYLER: Variant spelling of English unisex Skyler, meaning "protection, shelter." 
SKY: English unisex name derived from the vocabulary word "sky," from Old Norse sky, meaning "cloud." 
SKYE: Variant spelling of English unisex Sky, meaning "cloud" or "sky." 
SKYLAR: Variant spelling of English unisex Schuyler, meaning "protection, shelter." 
SKYLER: Variant spelling of English unisex Skylar, meaning "protection, shelter." 
SLOAN: Variant spelling of English unisex Sloane, meaning "little raider." 
SLOANE: Irish surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Sluaghadháin, "descendant of Sluaghadhán," hence "little raider."
SOFIA: Variant spelling of Greek Sophia, meaning "wisdom." This form of the name is in wide use throughout Europe by the Finnish, Italians, Germans, Norwegians, Portuguese and Swedish.
SOMMER: Variant spelling of English Summer, meaning "summer." Compare with another form of Sommer.
SONDRA: English variant form of Italian Sandra, meaning "defender of mankind."
SONORA: English name derived from the name of the Mexican state or the Sonoran Desert, from Latin sonorus, meaning "clear, loud, resounding."
SOPHIA (Σoφ�α): Greek name meaning "wisdom."
SOPHIE: French form of Greek Sophia, meaning "wisdom."
SOPHY: English variant spelling of French Sophie, meaning "wisdom." 
SORREL: English unisex name derived from the name of a perennial herb, "sorrel," from Old French surele, from Frankish *sur, meaning "sour." 
SPARROW: English unisex name derived from the bird name "sparrow." 
SPRING: English name derived from the season name, "spring," (Mar. 21 thru Jun. 21), derived from the verb spring, "to burst forth," from Proto-Indo-European *sprengh-, meaning "rapid movement." 
SPIRIT: English unisex name derived from the vocabulary word, "spirit," from Latin spiritus, "breath," from PIE (s)peis "to blow." Both blow ("to move air") and blow ("blossom") ultimately derive from proto-Germanic *blæ, from PIE *bhle, meaning "to bloom, to blow up, swell, thrive."
STACEE: Feminine variant spelling of English unisex Stacey, meaning "resurrection."
STACEY: English unisex pet form of Latin Anastasia and Anastasius, both meaning "resurrection."
STACI: Feminine variant spelling of English unisex Stacey, meaning "resurrection."
STACIA: Short form of English Eustacia, meaning "fruitful."
STACIE: Feminine variant spelling of English unisex Stacey, meaning "resurrection."
STACY: Variant spelling of English unisex Stacey, meaning "resurrection."
STAR: English name derived from the vocabulary word, "star."
STARLA: Elaborated form of English Star, meaning "star."
STARR: Variant spelling of English Star, meaning "star."
STEF: Variant spelling of English unisex Steph, meaning "crown."
STEFANIE: Variant spelling of English Stephanie, meaning "crown."
STEFFIE: Pet form of English Stefanie, meaning "crown."
STELLA: English name derived from Latin stella, meaning "star."
STEPH: Unisex short form of English Stephen and Stephanie, both meaning "crown."
STEPHANI: Modern variant spelling of English Stephanie, meaning "crown."
STEPHANIA: Feminine form of Latin Stephanus, meaning "crown." 
STEPHANIE: Feminine form of English Stephen, meaning "crown." 
STEPHANY: Modern variant spelling of English Stephanie, meaning "crown."
STEPHENIE: Feminine form of English Stephen, meaning "crown." 
STEVANIA: Feminine form of English Steven, meaning "crown."
STEVIE: Unisex pet form of English Steven and Stevania, both meaning "crown."
STORM: English unisex name derived from the vocabulary word, "storm."
STORMIE: Variant spelling of English Stormy, meaning "stormy." 
STORMY: English name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "stormy."
SUE: Short form of English Susan, meaning "lily."
SUELLEN: English compound name composed of Sue "lily" and Ellen, possibly meaning "torch." 
SUKIE: Pet form of English Susan, meaning "lily."
SUMMER: English name derived from the vocabulary word, summer, from Old English sumor, meaning "summer," the hot season of the year.
SUNDAY: English name derived from the vocabulary word, Sunday, from Old English Sunnandæg, literally meaning "day of the sun." 
SUNNY: English unisex name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "cheerful, sunny."
SUNSHINE: English name derived from the vocabulary word, "sunshine."
SUSAN: Short form of English Susannah, meaning "lily."
SUSANA: Variant spelling of Latin Susanna, meaning "lily." In use by the Italians, Portuguese and Spanish.
SUSANNA: Latin form of Greek Sousánna, meaning "lily." In the bible, this is the name of a woman who ministered to Christ. Compare with another form of Susanna.
SUSANNAH: English form of Latin Susanna, meaning "lily."
SUSANNE: German form of Latin Susanna, meaning "lily."
SUSE: Pet form of English Susannah, meaning "lily." Compare with another form of Suse.
SUSIE: Pet form of English Susannah, meaning "lily."
SUZAN: Variant spelling of English Susan, meaning "lily."
SUZANNA: Variant spelling of English Susannah, meaning "lily."
SUZANNE: French form of Latin Susanna, meaning "lily."
SUZETTE: Pet form of French Suzanne, meaning "lily."
SUZIE: Variant spelling of English Susie, meaning "lily."
SUZY: Variant spelling of English Suzie, meaning "lily."
SYBELLA: English form of Greek Sibylla, meaning "prophetess."
SYBIL: English form of Greek Sibyl, meaning "prophetess." 
SYBILLA: English form of Greek Sibylla, meaning "prophetess."
SYD: Short form of English unisex Sydney, meaning "St. Denis."
SYDNE: Feminine form of English unisex Sydney, meaning "St. Denis."
SYDNEY: Variant spelling of English unisex Sidney, meaning "St. Denis."
SYDNIE: Feminine form of English unisex Sydney, meaning "St. Denis."
SYLVA: Latin name meaning "from the forest."
SYLVIA: Variant spelling of Roman Latin Silvia, meaning "from the forest."
SYMPHONY: English name derived from the vocabulary word, "symphony," from Greek symphonos, meaning "concordant in sound."
TABATHA: English variant spelling of Greek Tabitha, meaning "female gazelle."
TABBY: English pet form of Greek Tabitha, meaning "female gazelle." In the late 1700s, this name was used as a slang term for a spinster or cranky old woman.
TABITHA (Aramaic: טַבְיְתָא, Greek: Ταβιθά, Hebrew: צְבִיָּה): Greek name of Aramaic origin, meaning "female gazelle." In the New Testament bible, this is the name of a woman restored to life by Peter. The name was translated as Dorkas in Acts 9:36.
TAHNEE: Variant spelling of English Tawny, meaning "light brown, tawny."
TAJUANA: Modern English elaborated form of Spanish Juana, meaning "God is gracious."
TALETTA: English variant spelling of Aramaic Talitha, meaning "damsel, maiden."
TALISHA: Modern English creation, possibly an elaborated form of Hebrew Tal, meaning "dew."
TALLULA: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Tuilelaith, meaning "princess of abundance." Compare with another form of Tallula.
TALLULAH: Variant spelling of English Tallula, meaning "princess of abundance." Compare with another form of Tallulah.
TALULLA: Variant spelling of English Tallula, meaning "princess of abundance." Compare with another form of Talulla.
TALULLAH: Variant spelling of English Tallula, meaning "princess of abundance." Compare with another form of Talullah.
TAMEKA: Variant spelling of English Tamika, possibly meaning "friendly."
TAMELA: Modern English name which is possibly a blend of Tammy "palm tree" and Pamela "all honey."
TAMERA: Modern English name that is either a variant form of Russian Tamara, meaning "palm tree," or based on the Sanskrit word tamara, meaning "spice."
TAMI: Variant spelling of English Tammy, meaning "palm tree."
TAMIA: Modern English name, probably based on Russian Tamara, "palm tree," or the Sanskrit word tamara, meaning "spice."
TAMIKA: Modern English name, possibly based on Esperanto Amika, meaning "friendly." 
TAMMARA: English variant spelling of Russian Tamara, meaning "palm tree."
TAMMIE: Variant spelling of English Tammy, meaning "palm tree."
TAMMY: English pet form of Russian Tamara, meaning "palm tree." Compare with another form of Tammy.
TAMRA: English contracted form of Russian Tamara, meaning "palm tree."
TAMSEN: English variant spelling of Cornish Tamsin, meaning "twin."
TAMSON: English form of Cornish Tamsin, meaning "twin."
TAMSYN: English form of Cornish Tamsin, meaning "twin."
TAMZEN: English form of Cornish Tamsin, meaning "twin."
TANIA: English pet form of Latin Tatiana, probably meaning "father."
TANNER: English occupational surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from the Middle English word tanner, possibly from a Celtic word for "oak," a wood used in tanning, hence "tanner of skins."
TANSY: English name derived from the flower name, "tansy," from a contracted form of Greek Athanasia, meaning "immortal."
TANZY: Variant spelling of English Tansy, meaning "tansy flower" and "immortal."
TANZI: Variant spelling of English Tansy, meaning "tansy flower" and "immortal."
TARA: English name derived from the Irish Gaelic place name Teamhair in Meath, the seat of the high kings of Ireland, meaning "high place," i.e. "hill." Compare with another form of Tara.
TARAH (תֶּרַח):
English feminine form of Hebrew Terach, meaning "delay" and "station." In the bible, this is the name of a place in the wilderness where the Israelites stopped on their Exodus. 
Variant spelling of English Tara, meaning "hill." 
TARINA: Elaborated form of English Tara, meaning "hill."
TATE: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, meaning "cheerful."
TATUM: English surname transferred to forename use, meaning "Tate's homestead."
TAWNEE: Variant spelling of English Tawny, meaning "light brown, tawny."
TAWNIE: Variant spelling of English Tawny, meaning "light brown, tawny."
TAWNY: English name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "light brown, tawny."
TAYLER: Variant spelling of English unisex Taylor, meaning "cutter of cloth, tailor."
TAYLOR: English occupational surname transferred to unisex forename use, meaning "cutter of cloth, tailor."
TEAL: English name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "blue-green" or "teal duck."
TEALE: Variant spelling of English Teal, meaning "blue-green" or "teal duck."
TEMPERANCE: English name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "moderation, self-restraint."
TEMPEST: English name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "tempest, violent storm."
TEMPLE: English occupational surname transferred to unisex forename use, denoting someone who was employed at one of the houses called "temples," maintained by the Knights Templar.
TERA: Variant of spelling English Terra, meaning "land."
TERAH: English unisex form of Hebrew Terach, meaning "delay" and "station." In the bible, this is the name of a place in the wilderness where the Israelites stopped on their Exodus. It is also the name of the father of Abraham.
TERESA: Variant spelling of Spanish Theresa, meaning "harvester." Also in use by the English and Portuguese.
TERI: English pet form of Spanish Teresa, meaning "harvester."
TERRA: English name derived from the Latin word for "land." Compare with another form of Terra.
TERRI: Variant spelling of English Terrie, meaning "harvester."
TERRIE: English pet form of Spanish Teresa, meaning "harvester."
TERRY: Variant spelling of English Terrie, meaning "harvester." Compare with masculine Terry.
TESS: Short form of English Tessa, meaning "harvester." 
TESSA: English pet form of Spanish Teresa, meaning "harvester." 
TESSIE: English pet form of Spanish Teresa, meaning "harvester." 
TETTY: Pet form of English Elizabeth, meaning "God is my oath."
THEA: Pet form of English Theodora, meaning "gift of God." Compare with another form of Thea.
THEDA: Pet form of English Theodora, meaning "gift of God."
THELMA: English name derived from the Greek word thelema, meaning "will." In use by the English.
THERESA: Contracted form of Spanish Therasia, meaning "harvester." Also in use by the English and Portuguese.
THOMASIN: Abbreviated form of English Thomasina, meaning "twin." 
THOMASINA: Medieval feminine form of English Thomas, meaning "twin." 
THOMASINE: Feminine form of English Thomas, meaning "twin."
THRUD: Anglicized form of Old Norse Þrúðr, meaning "strength." In mythology, this is the name of a daughter of Thor.
THYRZA: Variant spelling of English Tirzah, meaning "pleasantness." 
TIA: English short form of names ending with -tia.
TIANA: English short form of Latin Christiana, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
TIANNA: Variant spelling of English Tiana, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ."
TIARA: English name derived from the vocabulary word tiara, from Latin tiara, originally a headdress worn by Persian kings and other men of rank. Of uncertain origin. But the first element might be related to Sumerian ti, meaning "life." And the second element ara, might be related to Ara/Ur, the name of the city of the Chaldees, meaning "light/flame of fire" or "revelation." Hence, possibly "life-light."
TIBBY: English pet form of Greek Tabitha, meaning "gazelle." Compare with masculine Tibby. 
TIERRA: English name derived from the Spanish word for "earth."
TIFFANI: Modern variant spelling of English Tiffany, meaning "manifestation of God."
TIFFANY: Medieval English form of Greek Theophania, meaning "manifestation of God."
TIFFINY: Modern variant spelling of English Tiffany, meaning "manifestation of God."
TIKVA: Variant spelling of English unisex Tikvah, meaning "hope." 
TIKVAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew unisex Tiqvah, meaning "hope." In the bible, this is strictly a masculine name, the name of the father of Shallum.
TILDA: Short form of English Matilda, meaning "mighty in battle."
TILL: Short form of English Tilly, meaning "mighty in battle." 
TILLIE: Variant spelling of English Tilly, meaning "mighty in battle."
TILLY: Pet form of English Matilda, meaning "mighty in battle."
TIMOTHA: Rarely used feminine form of English Timothy, meaning "to honor God."
TIMOTHEA (Greek: Τιμοθέα): 
Feminine form of English Timothy, meaning "to honor God."
Feminine form of Greek Timotheos, meaning "to honor God."
Feminine form of Latin Timotheus, meaning "to honor God."
TINA: Short form of Italian names ending with -tina.
TIPHANIE: Variant spelling of English Tiffany, meaning "manifestation of God."
TIRZAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Tirtsah, meaning "pleasantness." In the bible, this is a place name and the name of a daughter of Zelophehad.
TISHA: Short form of English Latisha, meaning "happiness."
TITTY: Pet form of English Letitia, meaning "happiness."
TONI: English pet form of Latin Antonia, possibly meaning "invaluable."
TONY: English unisex pet form of Anthony and Antonia, both possibly meaning "invaluable."
TONYA: English equivalent of Italian/Spanish Tonia, a short form of Latin Antonia, possibly meaning "invaluable."
TOPAZ: English name derived from the name of the gem, "topaz," the birthstone for the month of November. Pliny says that the topaz was named for an island where the yellow stone was mined, either in the Red Sea or the Arabian Sea. The word was derived from Latin topazus, from Greek topazos/topazion, which is of obscure origin, but there may be a connection with the Sanskrit word tapas, meaning "heat; fire."
TOPSEY: Variant spelling of English Topsy, meaning "topsail."
TOPSIE: Variant spelling of English Topsy, meaning "topsail."
TOPSY: English name derived from the vocabulary word "topsail," a sail set above another sail. 
TORI (Hebrew: תּוֹרִי): English short form of Latin Victoria, meaning "conqueror" or "victory." Compare with another form of Tori.
TORIA: English short form of Latin Victoria, meaning "conqueror" or "victory."
TOTTIE: English pet form of French Charlotte, meaning "man."
TOTTY: Variant spelling of English Tottie, meaning "man."
TOYA: English name, possibly derived from an elaborated form of the word "toy," and used as a term of endearment. Compare with French Bibi. 
TRACE: Short form of English unisex Tracy, meaning "place of Thracius."
TRACEE: Feminine variant spelling of English unisex Tracy, meaning "place of Thracius."
TRACEY: Variant spelling of English unisex Tracy, meaning "place of Thracius."
TRACI: Feminine variant spelling of English unisex Tracy, meaning "place of Thracius."
TRACIE: Feminine variant spelling of English unisex Tracy, meaning "place of Thracius."
TRACY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, from a Norman baronial name meaning "place of Thracius."
TREASURE: English name derived from the vocabulary word, "treasure."
TRECIA: Variant spelling of English Tricia, meaning "patrician, of noble descent."
TRESHA: Variant form of English Tricia, meaning "patrician, of noble descent."
TRIA: English short form of names ending with -tria.
TRICIA: English short form of Latin Patricia, meaning "patrician, of noble descent."
TRINA: Short form of English Catrina, meaning "pure."
TRINITY: English name derived from the vocabulary word, trinity," meaning "a triad; three; triple." As a religious name, it refers to "the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit."
TRISH: Short form of English Trisha, meaning "patrician, of noble descent." 
TRISHA: Variant spelling of English Tricia, meaning "patrician, of noble descent." 
TRISTA: English feminine form of French Tristan, probably meaning "riot, tumult."
TRIX: Short form of English Beatrix, meaning "voyager (through life)."
TRIXIE: Pet form of English Trix, meaning "voyager (through life)."
TRUDI: Variant spelling of English Trudy, meaning "spear strength."
TRUDIE: Variant spelling of English Trudy, meaning "spear strength."
TRUDY: English pet form of German Gertrude, meaning "spear strength."
TSIPPORAH (צִפּוֹרָה): Hebrew name meaning "bird." In the bible, this is the name of the wife of Moses. The Anglicized form is Zipporah.
TWILA: Variant spelling of English Twyla, which was probably based on the word "twilight."
TWYLA: English name, probably based on the word "twilight."
ULA: Pet form of English Ulrica, meaning "wolf power." Compare with other forms of Ula.
ULLA: Middle English name meaning "to fill (a container)." Compare with other forms of Ulla.
ULRICA: Feminine form of Middle English Ulric, meaning "wolf power." Compare with another form of Ulrica.
UNA: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Úna, probably meaning "famine, hunger." Compare with another form of Una.
UNICE: English variant spelling of Latin Eunice, meaning "good victory."
UNITY: English name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "oneness, unity."
URBANA: Feminine form of English Urban, meaning "of the city."
URBANNA: Variant spelling of English Urbana, meaning "of the city."
URIELA: Feminine form of English Uriel, meaning "flame of God" or "light of the Lord."
URIELLA: Variant spelling of English Uriela, meaning "flame of God" or "light of the Lord."
URSELLA: English variant spelling of Latin Ursula, meaning "little she-bear."
URSULA: Latin name composed of the word ursa "she-bear" and a diminutive suffix, hence "little she-bear."
VAL: Unisex short form of English Valentine and Latin Valentina, both meaning "healthy, strong."
VALARIE: English variant spelling of Roman Latin Valerie, meaning "to be healthy, to be strong." 
VALARY: English variant spelling of Roman Latin Valerie, meaning "to be healthy, to be strong." 
VALENTINE: Feminine form of French Valentin, meaning "healthy, strong." Compare with masculine Valentine.
VALERIE: English form of French Valérie, meaning "to be healthy, to be strong." 
VALORIE: Variant spelling of English Valerie, meaning "to be healthy, to be strong." 
VANESSA: This English name is usually chosen for its association with the butterfly genus. Its origin remains uncertain despite the claim that it was invented by Jonathan Swift, author of Gulliver's Travels, for his intimate friend Esther Vanhomrigh. Supposedly he created it by combining the first syllable of her surname, Van-, with her first name, Esther, or the suffix -essa; but, if he created it at all, it is more likely that he based it on the Greek name Phanessa, substituting the "Ph" with the "V" from Esther's surname. Besides, the name may have existed before Swift's time. Phanessa is a feminine form of Orphic Phanes, the name of a primeval, hermaphroditic golden-winged god, meaning "bring to light; make appear." 
VEDA (Sanskrit: वेद): English name derived from the name of the four sacred books of the Hindus, meaning "knowledge; wisdom."
VEGA: English name derived from the Latin name of a star in the constellation Lyra, from Arabian al-Waqi, meaning "falling; swooping."
VELMA: Probably an English variant spelling of German Wilma, meaning "will-helmet." 
VENA: Short form of Middle English Alvena, meaning "elf friend." Compare with another form of Vena.
VERINA: English variant spelling of Swiss/German Verena, possibly meaning "to fear, to respect."
VERITY: Latin name meaning "truth, verity."
VERNA: Feminine form of English Vernon, meaning "place of alder trees." 
VERONICA: Latin form of Macedonian Greek Berenike, meaning "bringer of victory." From an early date, it was influenced by the Church Latin phrase veraiconia, "true image," resulting in the invented legend of St. Veronica, who was said to have wiped Christ's face on his way to Calvary and found an image of his face on the towel.
VERTHANDI: Anglicized form of Old Norse Verðandi, meaning "present." 
VI: Short form of English Violet, meaning "violet color" and "violet flower." 
VIANNE: English contracted form of French Viviane, meaning "alive; animated; lively."
VIC: English unisex short form of Latin Victor "conqueror" and Victoria "conqueror" or "victory."
VICKI: Variant spelling of English Vickie, meaning "conqueror" or "victory."
VICKIE: English pet form of Latin Victoria, meaning "conqueror" or "victory."
VICKY: English pet form of Latin Victoria, meaning "conqueror" or "victory."
VICTORIA: Latin name of uncertain derivation; it is either a feminine form of Victorius "conqueror," or from the vocabulary word victoria, "victory." In Roman mythology, this is the name of a goddess of victory. 
VINA: Short form of English Davina, meaning "beloved." 
VIOLA: Latin name meaning "violet color" or "violet flower."
VIOLET: English name derived from the vocabulary word, from Latin viola, meaning "violet color" or "violet flower." 
VIRGEE: Variant spelling of English Virgie, meaning "maiden, virgin."
VIRGIE: English pet form of Latin Virginia, meaning "maiden, virgin."
VIRGINIA: Feminine form of Roman Latin Virginius, meaning "maiden, virgin." 
VIVIAN: English form of French Viviane, meaning "alive; animated; lively." In Arthurian legend, this is the name of the Lady of the Lake.
VIVIEN: Variant spelling of English Vivian, meaning "alive; animated; lively." Compare with masculine Vivien.
VIVYAN: Variant spelling of English Vivian, meaning "alive, animated, lively."
VONDA: Perhaps an English variant form of German Wanda or Italian Vanda, both meaning "a Wend; a wanderer," a term used to refer to migrant Slavs in the sixth century. 
VONNIE: Pet form of English Evonne, meaning "yew tree."
WANDA: Probably a feminine form of German Wendel, meaning "a Wend; a wanderer," a term used to refer to migrant Slavs in the sixth century. 
WENDA: Variant form of English Wendy, meaning "friend."
WENDI: Variant spelling of English Wendy, meaning "friend."
WENDY: From the name of a J. M. Barrie character, derived from a pet name, fwendy, meaning "friend."
WENONA: English variant spelling of Native American Dakota Winona, meaning "firstborn daughter."
WENONAH: Variant spelling of English Wenona, meaning "firstborn daughter."
WHITNEY: English habitational surname transferred to unisex forename use, from the name of various places derived from the Middle English phrase atten whiten ey ("by the white island"), hence "white island."
WILDA: 
German surname transferred to forename use, meaning "wild."
Old English name meaning "willow tree."
WILFREDA: Feminine form of Middle English Wilfred, meaning "desires peace." Compare with another form of Wilfreda.
WILLA: Feminine form of English Will, meaning "will-helmet."
WILLOW: English name derived from the tree name, "willow." 
WILMA: Feminine form of English William, meaning "will-helmet." Compare with another form of Wilma.
WIN: Short form of English Winfred and Winifred, both meaning "holy reconciliation," and other names beginning with Win-. 
WINIFRED: Anglicized form of Welsh Gwenfrewi, meaning "holy reconciliation."
WINNIE: Pet form of English Winifred, meaning "holy reconciliation."
WINONA: Native American Dakota name meaning "firstborn daughter." 
WINTER: English name derived from the season name, "winter." The word may derive from Proto-Indo-European *wind-, meaning "white."
WISDOM: English unisex name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning simply "wisdom."
WREN: English name derived from the vocabulary word for the bird, wren, from Old English wrenna, meaning simply "wren." In many other languages, the name of this bird denotes "royalty."
WYNNE: Elaborated form of English Win, meaning "holy reconciliation." Compare with masculine Wynne.
WYNONNA: English variant spelling of Native American Dakota Winona, meaning "firstborn daughter." 
WYNTER: Variant spelling of English Winter, meaning "winter."
XARA: English name of uncertain origin, possibly a form of Arabic Zara, meaning "blooming flower."
XENA (Ξένα): Feminine form of Greek Xenon, meaning "foreigner; stranger."
XYLIA: English name derived from the Greek word xylon, meaning "forest-dweller." 

XYLINA: Elaborated form of English Xylia, meaning "forest-dweller."

YANNIC: Unisex pet form of Breton Yann, meaning "God is gracious."
YANNICK: Variant spelling of Breton unisex Yannic, meaning "God is gracious." 
YIESHA: English variant form of Arabic Aisha, meaning "alive." 
YIESHAH: English variant form of Arabic Aisha, meaning "alive." 
YOLANDA: English form of French Yolande, meaning "violet flower."
YOLONDA: Variant spelling of English Yolanda, meaning "violet flower."
YVETTE: Feminine form of French Yves, meaning "yew tree."
YVONNE: Feminine form of French Yvon, meaning "yew tree."
ZANDRA: English short form of Latin Alexandra, meaning "defender of mankind." 
ZAVANNA: Variant spelling of English Zavannah, meaning "savannah."
ZAVANNAH: Variant spelling of English Savannah, meaning "savannah."
ZELDA (Yiddish: זֶעלְדֶע): 
Short form of German Griselda, meaning "gray battle maid." 
Yiddish form of German Salida, meaning "happiness, joy." 
ZELIA: English name of Latin origin, meaning "zealous."
ZELLA: Variant spelling of English Zelia, meaning "zealous." 
ZELMA: English variant spelling of German Selma, meaning "divine helmet." 
ZERUIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Tseruwyah, meaning "balsam" or "cleft." In the bible, this is the name of a daughter of Jesse.
ZIBA: Anglicized form of Hebrew Tsiyba, meaning "a plant." In the bible, this is the name of a servant of Saul.
ZIBIA: Anglicized form of Hebrew Tsibya, meaning "a female gazelle." In the bible, this is the name of a Benjamite.
ZIBIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Tsibyah, meaning "a female gazelle." In the bible, this is the name of the mother of King Joash. 
ZILLA: Variant spelling of English Zillah, meaning "shade, shadow."
ZILLAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Tsillah, meaning "shade, shadow." In the bible, this is the name of Lamech's second wife.
ZINNIA: English name derived from the flower name, "zinnia."
ZIPPORAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Tsipporah, meaning "bird." In the bible, this is the name of the wife of Moses.
ZOE (Ζωή): Greek name meaning "life." 
ZOEY: English form of Greek Zoe, meaning "life."
ZOIE: Variant spelling of English Zoey, meaning "life."
ZOWIE: Variant spelling of English Zoey, meaning "life."
