AARAN: Variant spelling of English Aaron, meaning "light-bringer."

AAREN: Variant spelling of English Aaron, meaning "light-bringer." Compare with feminine Aaren.

AARON: English form of Greek Aarōn (Hebrew Aharon), meaning "light-bringer." In the bible, this is the name of the older brother of Moses.

AARRON: Variant spelling of English Aaron, meaning "light-bringer."

AB: Short form of English Abner, meaning "father of light."

ABADDON: Anglicized form of Greek Abaddōn, meaning "destruction, ruination." In the New Testament bible, this is the name of the place of destruction. And it is a name given to the angel of the bottomless pit, the Destroyer Apollyon. 

ABBOT: Variant spelling of English Abbott, meaning "abbot, father, priest."

ABBOTT: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, meaning "abbot, father, priest," from Latin abbas "priest," from Greek abbas, from Aramaic aba "father." First used as a forename in the 19th century. 

ABDON (עַבְדּוֹן): Anglicized form of Hebrew Abdown, meaning "servant, worshiper." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including one of the judges who ruled over Israel. 

ABE: Short form of Hebrew Abraham, meaning "father of a multitude," and other names beginning with Ab-.

ABEL: In the bible, this is the name of the second son of Adam and Eve who was killed by his jealous brother Cain.

Anglicized form of Greek Habel, meaning "vanity," i.e. "transitory." 

Anglicized form of Hebrew Hebel, meaning "breath, breathing."

ABELL: Variant spelling of English Abel, meaning "vanity," i.e. "transitory."

ABIA: Anglicized form of Hebrew unisex Abiyah, meaning "Yahweh is my father." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Samuel, the mother of Hezekiah, a member of the tribe of Benjamin, a king of Judah, and several other characters. 
ABIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew unisex Abiyah, meaning "Yahweh is my father." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Samuel, the mother of Hezekiah, a member of the tribe of Benjamin, a king of Judah, and several other characters. 
ABIDA: Anglicized form of Hebrew Abiyda, meaning "father of knowledge." In the bible, this is the name of one of Midian's five sons. Compare with feminine Abida.
ABIDAH: Variant spelling of English Abida, meaning "father of knowledge."

ABIDAN: Anglicized form of Hebrew Abiydan, meaning "my father is judge." In the bible, this is the name of a leader of the tribe of Benjamin.

ABIEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Abiy'el, meaning "El (God) is (my) father." In the bible, this is the name of Saul's grandfather.

ABIHAIL: Anglicized form of Hebrew unisex Abiyhayil, meaning "father of might." In the bible, this is the name of the father of Esther, a Levite who was the head of the house of Merari, and several other characters.

ABIHU: Anglicized form of Hebrew Abiyhuw, meaning "he is (my) father." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Aaron who was slain (along with his brother Nadab) by God for offering incense contrary to the law. 

ABIJAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew unisex Abiyah, meaning "Yahweh is my father." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Samuel, the mother of Hezekiah, a member of the tribe of Benjamin, a king of Judah, and several other characters. 

ABIMAEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Abiyma'el, meaning "my father is El (God)." In the bible, this is the name of Joktan's ninth son (of 13), a descendant of Shem.

ABIMELECH (אֲבִימֶלֶך): Anglicized form of Hebrew Abiymelek, meaning "Melek is father" or "my father is king." In the bible, this is the name name of several characters, including the king of Gerar who took Abraham's wife Sarah and was forced by God to return her. Also spelled Avimelech.

ABINOAM: Anglicized form of Hebrew Abiyno'am, meaning "father of pleasantness." In the bible, this is the name of the father of Barak.

ABIRAM: Anglicized form of Hebrew Abiyram, meaning "my father is exalted." In the bible, this is the name of the eldest son of Hiel the Bethelite, and the name of a son of Eliab who joined Korah in his rebellion against Moses.

ABISHAI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Abiyshay, meaning "my father is Jesse" or "my father is a gift." In the bible, this is the name of the eldest son of David's sister Zeruiah. He was the only one to accompany David when he went to the camp of Saul (1 Sam. 26:5-12).

ABISHALOM: Anglicized form of Hebrew Abiyshalowm, meaning "father of peace." In the bible, this is the name of the father-in-law of Rehoboam. 

ABIUD: Anglicized form of Greek Abioud, meaning "my father is majesty." In the bible, this is the name of the son of Bela.

ABLE: Variant spelling of English Abel, meaning "vanity," i.e. "transitory."

ABNAR: English variant spelling of Hebrew Abner, meaning "father of light."

ABNER: Hebrew name meaning "father of light." In the bible, this is the name of a cousin of Saul who was also a commander of his army. In use by the English. Also spelled Avner.

ABNOR: English variant spelling of Hebrew Abner, meaning "father of light."

ABNUR: English variant spelling of Hebrew Abner, meaning "father of light."

ABOT: Variant spelling of English Abbott, meaning "father."

ABOTT: Variant spelling of English Abbott, meaning "father."

ABRAHAM (אַבְרָהָם): Hebrew name meaning "father of a multitude." In the bible, this is the name of the founding patriarch of the Israelites. Also spelled Avraham.

ABRAM (Greek: Ἅβραμ, Hebrew: אַבְרָם): In use by the English. 

Greek form of Hebrew Abram, meaning "father of elevation."

Hebrew name meaning "father of elevation." In the bible, this is Abraham's name before God changed it. Also spelled Avram.

ABSALOM: Contracted form of English Abishalom, meaning "father of peace." In the bible, this is the name of a son of king David. 

ACE: English byname transferred to forename use, meaning "number one." Compare with another form of Ace.

ACER: Pet form of English Ace, meaning "number one."

ACEY: Pet form of English Ace, meaning "number one."

ACHAN: Anglicized form of Hebrew Akan, meaning "one who troubles." In the bible, this is the name of an Israelite who stole forbidden items during the assault on Jericho, for which he was stoned to death. 

ACHAR (עָכָר): Anglicized form of Hebrew Akar, meaning "one who troubles." In the bible, this is the name of an Israelite who stole forbidden items during the assault on Jericho, for which he was stoned to death. 

ACIE: Pet form of English Ace, meaning "number one."

ACKE: Short form of English Ackerley, meaning "oak meadow." Compare with another form of Acke.

ACKERLEA: Variant spelling of English Ackerley, meaning "oak meadow."

ACKERLEY: English surname transferred to forename use, meaning "oak meadow." 

ACKERLY: Variant spelling of English Ackerley, meaning "oak meadow."

ACKLEA: Variant spelling of English Ackley, meaning "oak meadow."

ACKLEY: Contracted form of English Ackerley, meaning "oak meadow."

ACKLIE: Variant spelling of English Ackley, meaning "oak meadow."

ACTON: English surname transferred to forename use, meaning "oak tree settlement." 

ADALIA: Anglicized form of Hebrew Adalya, of Persian derivation, meaning "I shall be drawn up of God." In the bible, this is the name of the fifth son of Haman.

ADALIAH: Variant spelling of English Adalia, meaning "I shall be drawn up of God." 

ADAM (Greek: Ἀδάμ, Hebrew: אָדָם): In use by the English.

Greek form of Hebrew Adam, meaning "the red earth."

Hebrew name meaning "earth" or "red." In the bible, this is the name of the first man created by God, the husband of Eve.

ADARE: English variant spelling of Scottish Adair, meaning "the ford of the oaks." 

ADDAM: English variant spelling of Hebrew Adam, meaning "earth" or "red."

ADDISON: Old English surname transferred to unisex forename use, meaning "son of Adam." 

ADEN: 

Anglicized form of Gaelic Áedán, meaning "fire." 

Variant spelling of English Adin, meaning "dainty, delicate."

ADENO: Variant spelling of English Adino, meaning "soft, delicate" or "his ornament."

ADIN: Anglicized form of Hebrew Adiyn, meaning "dainty, delicate." In the bible, this is the name of an ancestor of a family of exiles who returned with Zerubbabel.

ADINA: Anglicized form of Hebrew unisex Adiyna, meaning "slender." In the bible, this is a masculine name only, the name of one of King David's captains.

ADINO: Anglicized form of Hebrew Adiynow, meaning "soft, delicate" or "his ornament." In the bible, this is the name of one of King David's warriors.

ADISON: Variant spelling of English unisex Addison, meaning "son of Adam."

ADISSON: Variant spelling of English unisex Addison, meaning "son of Adam."

ADLAI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Adlay, meaning "justice of God." In the bible, this is the name of an ancestor of Shaphat, the overseer of David's herds. 

ADNEY: English name derived from the Old Norman French family name Oudinot, meaning "the noble's island."

ADOLPH: English form of Latin Adolphus, meaning "noble wolf."

ADONIA (אֲדּׄנִיָּה): Variant spelling of English Adonijah, meaning "my Lord is Jehovah." Compare with feminine Adonia.

ADONIJAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Adoniyah, meaning "my Lord is Jehovah." In the bible, this is the name of the fourth son of David, and a couple of other characters.

ADRIAN: English name derived from Latin Adrianus, meaning "from Hadria." 

AENGUS: Irish Anglicized form of Gaelic Aonghas, meaning "excellent valor."

AFFTON: Variant spelling of English unisex Afton, derived from the name of the River Afton in Ayrshire, Scotland, made famous in Burns' poem "Sweet Afton." 

AFTON: Old English surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from the name of the River Afton in Ayrshire, Scotland, made famous in Burns' poem "Sweet Afton." 

AHAB: Anglicized form of Hebrew Ach'ab, meaning "brother of father; uncle." In the bible, this is the name of a king of Israel, the husband of Jezebel.

AHAZIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Achazyah, meaning "God holds" or "whom God holds." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Ahab and a son of Jehoram.

AHERN: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó hEachthighearna "descendant of Eachthighearna," hence "lord of horses."

AHEARN: Variant spelling of English Ahern, meaning "lord of horses." 

AHERIN: Variant spelling of English Ahern, meaning "lord of horses."

AHERNE: Variant spelling of English Ahern, meaning "lord of horses." 

AHIAM: Anglicized form of Hebrew Achiyam, meaning "mother's brother," i.e. "uncle." In the bible, this is the name of one of King David's warriors.

AHIAN: Anglicized form of Hebrew Achyan, meaning "brotherly" or "fraternal." In the bible, this is the name of a member of the tribe of Manasseh.

AHIRAM: Anglicized form of Hebrew Achiyram, meaning "brother of height." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Benjamin.

AIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew unisex Ayah, meaning "falcon" or "vulture." In the bible, this is the name of the father of Rizpah, and a Horite, the son of Zibeon.

AIDAN: Anglicized form of Gaelic Áedán, meaning "little fire."

AIDEN: Variant spelling of English Aidan, meaning "little fire."

AILLARD: Middle English and Old French form of Old High German Adalhard, meaning "noble strength."

AILWARD: Variant spelling of Middle English Aylward, meaning either "noble guard" or "elf guard."

AIMEREY: English variant spelling of French Aimery, meaning "home-ruler."

AIMERY: English variant spelling of Norman French Aimeri, meaning "home-ruler." 

AL: Short form of English names beginning with Al-. Compare with another form of Al.

ALADDIN: Anglicized form of Arabic Ala Al-din, meaning "nobility of faith." 

ALAN: Old Celtic name, possibly having the same origin as Irish Gaelic Ailín, from ailín, a diminutive of ail "rock," hence "little rock." 

ALANN: English variant spelling of Celtic Alan, possibly meaning "little rock." 

ALBAN: English name derived from Latin Albanus, meaning "like Albus," i.e. "white."

ALBERT: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Æthelbert, meaning "bright nobility." Compare with other forms of Albert.

ALBIN: English name derived from Latin Albinus, meaning "like Albus," i.e. "white."

ALBY: Pet form of English Alban, meaning "like Albus," i.e. "white."

ALDEN: Variant spelling of Middle English Aldin, meaning "old friend." Or from the surname Alden, having several possible meanings: "old hill," "high castle" or "high town."

ALDFORD: Variant spelling of Old English Alford, meaning "old river-ford."

ALDIN: Variant spelling of Middle English Aldine, meaning "old friend."

ALDINE: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Ealdwine, meaning "old friend."

ALDIS: Variant spelling of Old English Aldous, possibly meaning "from the old house."

ALDON: Variant spelling of Middle English Alden, meaning "old friend."

ALDOUS: From a surname common in the Middle Ages, thought to be of Anglo-Saxon origin, probably a contraction of Old English ald-house, hence "from the old house." 

ALDRED: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Ealdred, meaning "old counsel."

ALDRICH: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Æthelric, meaning "noble ruler." Compare with another form of Aldrich.

ALDRIDGE: From the surname which was derived from Middle English Aldrich, meaning "noble ruler."

ALDUS: Variant spelling of Old English Aldous, probably meaning "from the old house."

ALDWEN: Variant spelling of Middle English Aldwin, meaning "old friend."

ALDWIN: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Ealdwine, meaning "old friend."

ALEC: Short form of English Alexander, meaning "defender of mankind." Compare with other forms of Alec.

ALECK: Short form of English Alexander, meaning "defender of mankind."

ALEN: English variant spelling of Celtic Alan, possibly meaning "little rock." 

ALERIC: English variant spelling of Visigothic Alaric, meaning "all-powerful; ruler of all."

ALERICK: English variant spelling of Visigothic Alaric, meaning "all-powerful; ruler of all."

ALEX: English unisex short form of Alexandra and Alexander, meaning "defender of mankind." 

ALEXANDER (Hebrew: אֲלֶכְּסַנְדֶר): Anglicized form of Latin Alexandrus (Greek Alexandros), meaning "defender of mankind." In the New Testament bible, this is the name of a son of Simon, a relative of the high priest, a Jew in Acts 19:33, and a coppersmith who opposed Paul.

ALF: Short form of English Alfred, meaning "elf counsel." Compare with other forms of Alf.
ALFIE: Pet form of English Alfred, meaning "elf counsel."
ALFONZO: English name derived from Latin Alfonsus, meaning "noble and ready."

ALFORD: Old English habitational surname transferred to forename use, from the name of various places most of which were composed of the Old English elements eald "old" and ford "ford," hence "old river-ford."

ALFRED: Modern English form of Middle English Alvred, meaning "elf counsel." 

ALFRID: Variant spelling of English Alfred, meaning "elf counsel."

ALFY: Pet form of English Alfred, meaning "elf counsel."

ALGAR: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Ælfgar, meaning "elf spear." 

ALGER: Variant spelling of Middle English Algar, meaning elf spear." 

ALGERNON: English name derived from the old Norman French byname algernon, from aux gernons, for someone "moustached." 

ALIC: Short form of English Alexander, meaning "defender of mankind."

ALICK: Short form of English Alexander, meaning "defender of mankind."

ALIK: Short form of English Alexander, meaning "defender of mankind."

ALIX: Variant spelling of English unisex Alex, meaning "defender of mankind."

ALLAN: English variant spelling of Celtic Alan, possibly meaning "little rock." 

ALLARD: Variant spelling of Middle English and Old French Aillard, meaning "noble strength."

ALLARIC: English variant spelling of Visigothic Alaric, meaning "all-powerful; ruler of all."

ALLARICK: English variant spelling of Visigothic Alaric, meaning "all-powerful; ruler of all."

ALLASTER: Anglicized form of Gaelic Alaster, meaning "defender of mankind."

ALLASTIR: Anglicized form of Gaelic Alaster, meaning "defender of mankind."

ALLEN: English variant spelling of Celtic Alan, possibly meaning "little rock." 

ALLERIC: English variant spelling of Visigothic Alaric, meaning "all-powerful; ruler of all."

ALLERICK: English variant spelling of Visigothic Alaric, meaning "all-powerful; ruler of all."

ALLGAR: Variant spelling of Middle English Algar, meaning "elf spear."

ALLGER: Variant spelling of Middle English Algar, meaning "elf spear."

ALLIN: English variant spelling of Celtic Alan, possibly meaning "little rock." 

ALLISTAIR: Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Alastair, meaning "defender of mankind."

ALLISTER: Anglicized form of Gaelic Alaster, meaning "defender of mankind."

ALLISTIR: Anglicized form of Gaelic Alaster, meaning "defender of mankind."

ALLON: 

Anglicized form of Hebrew Allown, meaning "oak tree." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Simeon.

English variant spelling of Celtic Alan, possibly meaning "little rock." 

ALLRIC: English variant spelling of Visigothic Alaric, meaning "all-powerful; ruler of all."

ALLYN: English variant spelling of Celtic Alan, possibly meaning "little rock." 

ALLYSDAIR: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Alasdair, meaning "defender of mankind."

ALLYSDARE: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Alasdair, meaning "defender of mankind."

ALLYSTAIR: Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Alastair, meaning "defender of mankind."

ALLYSTER: Anglicized form of Gaelic Alaster, meaning "defender of mankind."

ALON (אַלוֹן): Variant spelling of English Allon, meaning "oak tree."

ALONZO: English variant spelling of Spanish Alonso, meaning "noble and ready."

ALPHA (Άλφα): English unisex name derived from the first letter of the Greek alphabet.

ALPHONZO: English variant spelling of Spanish Alphonso, meaning "noble and ready."

ALPIN: Scottish Anglicized form of Gaelic Ailpein, possibly meaning "white." 

ALPINE: English name, probably derived from the vocabulary word alpine, meaning "of the Swiss Alps."

ALTAIR (Arabic: الطير): Modern English unisex name derived from the name of the brightest star in the constellation Aquila, from an Arabic word meaning "the bird" or "the flyer." 

ALTON: Old English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the name of many places most of which meant either "old town" or "settlement at the (river) source."

ALURED: Variant spelling of Middle English Alvred, meaning "elf counsel."

ALVAR: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Ælfhere, meaning "elf army."

ALVEN: English variant spelling of Norman French Alvin, meaning "elf friend."

ALVIE: English pet form of Norman French Alvin, meaning "elf friend."

ALVIN: Norman French name derived from Latin Alvinius, meaning "elf friend." In use by the English.

ALVRED: Middle English form of Latin Alvredus, meaning "elf counsel."

ALVY: English pet form of Norman French Alvin, meaning "elf friend."

ALVYN: English variant spelling of Norman French Alwin, meaning "elf friend."

ALWIN: Variant spelling of Middle English Elwin, meaning "elf friend." Compare with other forms of Alwin.

ALWYN: Variant spelling of Middle English Alwin, meaning "elf friend."

ALYSDAIR: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Alasdair, meaning "defender of mankind."

ALYSDARE: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Alasdair, meaning "defender of mankind."

ALYSTER: Anglicized form of Gaelic Alaster, meaning "defender of mankind."

ALYSTAIR: Anglicized form of Gaelic Alaster, meaning "defender of mankind."

AMARIA: Variant spelling of English Amariah, meaning "whom God spoke of."

AMARIAH (אֲמַרְיָה): Anglicized form of Hebrew Amaryah, meaning "whom God spoke of." In the bible, this is the name of a priest who lived in the time of King Jehoshaphat.

AMASAI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Amasay, meaning "burdensome." In the bible, this is the name of a warrior and chief of the captains, a Kohathite ancestor of Samuel, a priest, and another Kohathite Levite who lived in the time of the reign of king Hezekiah of Judah. 

AMBIE: Pet form of English Ambrose, meaning "immortal."

AMBROSE: English form of Latin Ambrosius, meaning "immortal."

AMBY: Pet form of English Ambrose, meaning "immortal."

AMERY: Variant spelling of English Amory, meaning "home-ruler." 

AMI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Amiy, meaning "bond-servant." In the bible, this is the name of a servant of King Solomon.

AMITAI: Variant spelling of English Amittai, meaning "my truth."

AMITTAI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Amittay, meaning "my truth." In the bible, this is the name of Jonah's father.

AMLODI: Anglicized form of Icelandic Amloði, possibly meaning "heavy" or "the dullard."

AMMIEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Ammiy'el, meaning "one of the family of God." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a spy from the tribe of Dan who died in the plague. 

AMMINADAB: 

Anglicized form of Greek Aminadab, meaning "servant of the prince." In the New Testament bible, this is the name of an ancestor of Christ. 

Anglicized form of Hebrew Ammiynadab, meaning "kindred of the prince." In the Old Testament bible, this is the name of several characters, including a son of Aram and a son of Kohath.

AMMIHUD: Anglicized form of Hebrew Ammiyhuwd, meaning "one of the people of Judah." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including the father of Shemuel.

AMMON: Anglicized form of Hebrew Ammown, meaning "kindred, tribal." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Lot by his younger daughter. Compare with another form of Ammon.

AMON: Anglicized form of Hebrew Amown, meaning "skilled workman." In the bible, this is the name of a king of Judah, a governor of Samaria, and a descendant of one one of Solomon's servants. Compare with another form of Amon.

AMORY: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the Norman French personal name Aimeri, meaning "home-ruler." 

AMOS: Anglicized form of Greek Amōs, meaning "strong." In the New Testament bible, this is the name of an ancestor of Christ.
AMOZ: Anglicized form of Hebrew Amowts, meaning "strong." In the bible, this is the name of the father of Isaiah the prophet.
AMRAN: Anglicized form of Hebrew Chamran, meaning "the people is exalted" or "their slime." In the bible, this is the name of a son of a descendant of Esau. 
ANAKIN: This name became popular as a boy's name after the making of the Star Wars saga by George Lucas, who named his Darth Vader character after the surname of director Ken Annakin, a variant spelling of the Low German female personal name Anniken, a form of Hannah, meaning "favor; grace."
ANANI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Ananiy, meaning "my cloud." In the bible, this is the name of the 7th son of Elioenai, descendant of David.
ANANIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Ananya, meaning "Jehovah clouds" or "what Jehovah covers." In the bible, this is the name of an ancestor of Azariah who lived in the time of Nehemiah and assisted in rebuilding the city wall.
ANANIAS: Anglicized form of Greek Hananias, meaning "whom Jehovah has graciously given." In the New Testament bible, this is the name of the husband of Sapphira, a Christian at Damascus, and a son of Nedebaeus (Greek Nabadias).
ANDERSON: English patronymic surname transferred to forename use, meaning "son of Andrew."
ANDREW: Anglicized form of Greek Andreas, meaning "man; warrior." In the bible, this is the name of an apostle of Christ and brother to Simon Peter. He is said to have been crucified at Patrae in Archaia. 
ANDY: Unisex pet form of English Andrew and Andrea, meaning "man; warrior."
ANGEL: English unisex name derived from Latin Angelus, meaning "angel, messenger." Once used as a man's name in England. It is now almost strictly a feminine name.
ANGUS: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the name of a county of Scotland, which took its name from Gaelic Aonghus (supposedly from Aongus Fer), meaning "excellent valor." 
ANSCOM: English surname transferred to forename use, meaning "stone-enclosed valley." 

ANSCOMB: Variant spelling of English Anscom, meaning "stone-enclosed valley."

ANSON: English patronymic surname transferred to forename use, which may have been based on any of a number of Middle English names, i.e. "son of Ansel" or "son Agnes."

ANTHONY: English form of Latin Antonius, possibly meaning "invaluable." 

ANTONY: Variant spelling of English Anthony, possibly meaning "invaluable." 

ANTUAN: English variant spelling of French Antoine, possibly meaning "invaluable." 

ANTWAN: Modern English variant spelling of French Antoine, possibly meaning "invaluable." 

APOLLYON: Anglicized form of Greek Apollyōn, meaning "destroyer." In the New Testament bible, this is the name of the angel-prince of the infernal regions, the minister of death and author of havoc on earth. He is also known by the name Abaddon.

ARCHIBALD: 

Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Gilleasbaig, meaning "bishop's servant."

English form of Old French Archimbaud, meaning "genuine courage."

ARCHIE: 

Pet form of English Archibald, meaning "genuine courage."

Pet form of Scottish-English Archibald, meaning "bishop's servant."

ARDAL: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Árdghal, meaning "high valor."
ARDEN: English habitational surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from Celtic ard, meaning "high," hence "from the high place." 
ARDON: Anglicized form of Hebrew Ardown, meaning "fugitive." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Caleb.
ARELI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Ar'eliy, meaning "lion of God." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Gad.
ARIC: Variant spelling of English Eric, meaning "ever-ruler."
ARIDAI (אֲרִידַי): Anglicized form of Hebrew Ariyday, meaning "the lion is enough." In the bible, this is the name of the ninth of Haman's ten sons who were hanged by the Jews. 
ARIEH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Aryeh, meaning "lion." In the bible, this is the name of an officer of king Pekahiah. 
ARIEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew unisex Ari'el, meaning "lion of god." In the bible, this is a name applied to the city of Jerusalem, and the name of a chief of the returning exiles. In the Apocrypha, this is the name of an archangel who rules the waters. It is also the name of a moon of Uranus, and the name of a spirit in Shakespeare's play "The Tempest."
ARIK: Variant spelling of English Eric, meaning "ever-ruler." Compare with another form of Arik.

ARIN: Variant spelling of English Aaron, meaning "light-bringer." Compare with feminine Arin.

ARLEY: Variant spelling of English Harley, meaning "rocky meadow." 

ARLIE: Variant spelling of English Arley, meaning "rocky meadow." 

ARN: Short form of English Arnold, meaning "eagle power." Compare with another form of Arn.

ARNE: Medieval short form of English Arnold, meaning "eagle power." Compare with another form of Arne.

ARNIE: Pet form of English Arnold, meaning "eagle power."

ARNOLD: English name derived from French Arnaud, meaning "eagle power." 

ARNY: Pet form of English Arnold, meaning "eagle power."

ARRAN: Variant spelling of English Aaron, meaning "light-bringer."

ARRON: Variant spelling of English Aaron, meaning "light-bringer."

ARRYN: Variant spelling of English Aaron, meaning "light-bringer."

ART: English short form of Celtic Arthur, possibly meaning "bear-man." Compare with another form of Art.

ARTHUR: Celtic Arthurian legend name of a famous King of Britain. The name is of obscure etymology, possibly composed of Welsh art/arth "bear" and Brittonic gur "man," hence "bear-man." The earliest mention of him is in Welsh texts, where he is never called "king," but rather dux bellorum, meaning "war leader." Medieval Welsh texts call him ameraudur "emperor" which could also mean "war leader." In early Welsh works the word art was used as a figurative synonym for "warrior." 

ARTIE: English pet form of Celtic Arthur, possibly meaning "bear-man." 

ARTUR: Early English form of Celtic Arthur, possibly meaning "bear-man." 

ARVIN: Possibly a variant spelling of English Irvin, meaning "fresh water" or "green water."

ASAF: Variant spelling of English Asaph, meaning "collector, gatherer."

ASAPH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Acaph, meaning "collector, gatherer." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including King David's chief musician.

ASAREEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Asar'el, meaning "whom God has bound (by a vow)."

ASH: Short form of English unisex Ashley, meaning "ash-tree grove." 

ASHER (אָשֵׁר): Hebrew name derived from the word ashar, meaning "happy." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Jacob. In use by the English.

ASHLEY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, composed of the Old English elements ï¿½sc "ash" and lēah "wood," hence "ash-tree grove."

ASHRIEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Asriy'el, meaning "vow of God." In the bible, this is the name of a son and great-grandson of Manasseh, and a son of Gilead.

ASHTON: English habitational surname transferred to unisex forename use, from the name of various places composed of the Old English elements æsc "ash tree" and tun "settlement," hence "ash tree settlement."

ASHUR: Anglicized form of Hebrew Ashchuwr, meaning "blackness." In the bible, this is the name of a son of the father of Temeni.

ASIA: English unisex name derived from the name of the continent, which was possibly derived from Assyrian asu, meaning "east." 

ASSHUR: Anglicized form of Hebrew Ashshuwr, meaning "a step." In the bible, this is the name second son of Shem. It is also a name applied to the nation of Assyria and its people.

ASSUR: Anglicized form of Hebrew Ashshuwr, meaning "a step." In the bible, this is the name second son of Shem. It is also a name applied to the nation of Assyria and its people.

ASTON: English habitational surname transferred to unisex forename use, from the name of various places composed of the Old English elements east "east" and tun "settlement," hence "east settlement."

ASTROPHEL: English literary name from Astrophel and Stella, a famous sonnet composed by Philip Sidney in the 1580s, composed of the Greek elements aster "star" and phil "friend, lover," hence "star lover." 

ATHELSTAN: Variant spelling of Middle English Ethelstan, meaning "noble stone."

AUBREY: English unisex form of Norman French Alberi, meaning "elf ruler."

AUBRY: Masculine variant spelling of English unisex Aubrey, meaning "elf ruler."

AUBYN: English variant spelling of French Aubin, meaning "like Albus," i.e. "white."

AUDLEY: English habitational surname transferred to forename use, derived from the name of a place in Staffordshire, composed of Old English Ealdgyth and leah "meadow, woodland clearing," hence "Ealdgyth's meadow."

AUGUST: Short form of Latin Augustus, meaning "venerable." In use by the English and Germans.

AUGUSTINE: English form of Latin Augustinus, meaning "venerable."

AULAY: Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Amhlaibh, meaning "heir of the ancestors."

AUSTEN: Variant spelling of English Austin, meaning "venerable."

AUSTIN: English surname transferred to forename use, from Old French Aousten, from Roman Latin Augustinus, meaning "venerable."

AUSTYN: Unisex form of English Austin, meaning "venerable."

AUTUMN: English unisex name derived from the season name, from Latin autumnus, thought to be of Etruscan origin. Harvest was the original English name for the season; Autumn replaced it in the 16th century.

AVEREL: Middle English masculine form of Anglo-Saxon Eoforhild, meaning "boar battle."
AVERILL: English surname (Averill) transferred to forename use, meaning "the hill sown with oats."

AVERY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, originally a Norman French form of Middle English Alfred, meaning "elf counsel."

AVON: English name which derived from the name of any of several rivers in England which got their name from Celtic afon, meaning "river."

AYLMER: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from a contracted form of Athelmare, meaning "nobly famous."

AYLWARD: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Æthelweard "noble guard" or Ælfweard "elf guard." 

AYMERY: Variant spelling of English Aimery, meaning "home-ruler." 

AZAL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Atsel, meaning "noble." In the bible, this is the name of a place near Jerusalem, and a descendant of Saul.

AZANIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Azanyah, meaning "God hears." In the bible, this is the name of the father of Jeshua.

AZARAEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Azar'el, meaning "God has helped" or "whom God helps." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including a son of Bani, one of King David's warriors, and a priest and musician.

AZAREEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Azar'el, meaning "God has helped" or "whom God helps." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including a son of Bani, one of King David's warriors, and a priest and musician.

AZARIAH: Anglicized form of Aramaic/Hebrew Azarya, meaning "help of God." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including one of the three young men thrown into the fiery furnace by Nebuchadnezzar.

AZAZEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Aza'zel, meaning "entire removal" and "scapegoat." In the bible, this word is found in the law of the day of atonement (Leviticus 16:8, 10, 26). It refers to a goat used for sacrifice for the sins of the people. In modern times, Azazel was interpreted as a Satanic, goat-like demon. The name has even been used for the "Angel of Death."

AZAZIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Azazyahuw, meaning "Yahweh is mighty." In the bible, this is the name of several minor characters, including the father of Hoshea.

AZEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Atsel, meaning "noble." In the bible, this is the name of a place near Jerusalem, and a descendant of Saul.

AZRAEL: 

Anglicized form of Arabic Azra'il, the name of the "Angel of Death" who separates the soul from the body upon death.

Anglicized form of Hebrew Azriy'el, meaning "help of God." In the bible, this is the name of several minor characters. 

AZRIEL: 

Anglicized form of Arabic Azra'il, the name of the "Angel of Death" who separates the soul from the body upon death.

Anglicized form of Hebrew Azriy'el, meaning "help of God." In the bible, this is the name of several minor characters. 

AZURIAH: Variant spelling of English Azariah, meaning "help of God."

BAALZEBUB: Anglicized form of Hebrew Ba'al-Zebuwb, meaning "lord of the fly." In the bible, this is the name of a Philistine deity worshiped at Ekron.
BAAL-ZEBUB: Anglicized form of Hebrew Ba'al-Zebuwb, meaning "lord of the fly." In the bible, this is the name of a Philistine deity worshiped at Ekron.
BABE: This was once a popular American English pet name for athletes, especially in the early 1900s, before and after Babe Ruth. Compare with feminine Babe.

BAILEY: English occupational surname transferred to unisex forename use, meaning "bailiff." 
BAILIE: Variant spelling of English unisex Bailey, meaning "bailiff." 
BAILY: Variant spelling of English unisex Bailey, meaning "bailiff."
BALDWIN: English form of French Baldoin, meaning "brave friend."
BALLARD: From an Old English derogatory name for a bald-headed person; it became a surname, then transferred to forename; derived from Middle English balled, meaning "rounded like a ball," hence "bald-headed."
BALLINAMORE: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Béal an Átha Móir, meaning "mouth of the big ford." 
BALLINDERRY: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Baile an Doire, meaning "town of the oak wood."
BALTHASAR: Anglicized form of Greek Baltasar, meaning "Ba'al protect the king." Early Christians assigned names to the three Magi ("wise men from the east") who visited the baby Jesus. They are mentioned but not named in the bible; Balthasar is one of them, the other two are Casper and Melchior. 
BALTHAZAR: Variant spelling of English Balthasar, meaning "Ba'al protect the king."
BAMBI: English unisex name, derived from the Italian word bambino, meaning "child." 
BAMBIE: Variant spelling of English unisex Bambi, meaning "child."
BANI (בָּנִי): Anglicized form of Hebrew Baniy, meaning "built." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including one of David's warriors.
BAPTIST: English form of French Baptiste, meaning "baptist."
BAR-JESUS: Anglicized form of Greek Bariesou, meaning "son of Jesus." In the New Testament bible, this is the name of a false prophet.
BARNABY: Old English form of Greek Barnabas, meaning "son of exhortation." 
BARNEY: English pet form of Bernard "bold as a bear" and Greek Barnabas "son of exhortation." 
BARRET: English byname for a quarrelsome person. It became a surname, then transferred to a forename, derived from Middle English barat, a derivative of barater, meaning "to haggle," hence "haggler."
BARRETT: Variant spelling of English Barret, meaning "haggler."
BARRIE: Variant spelling of English Barry, meaning "fair-headed."
BARRY: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Barra, meaning "fair-headed." 
BART: Short form of English Bartholomew, meaning "son of Talmai."
BARTHOLOMEW: English form of French Bartholomieu, meaning "son of Talmai." In the New Testament bible, this is the name of one of the twelve apostles.
BARTLET: Diminutive form of English Bartholomew, meaning "son of Talmai."
BARTLEY: Old English name meaning "Bart's (Bartholomew's) meadow."
BARUCH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Baruwk, meaning "blessed." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a faithful attendant of Jeremiah to whom the apocryphal Book of Baruch is ascribed.
BARZILAI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Barzillay, meaning "man of iron."
BARZILLAI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Barzillay, meaning "man of iron." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a Gileadite leader who helped David against Absalom's rebellion.
BAS: Short form of English Basil, meaning "king" or "basil (the herb)."
BASIL: English form of French Basile, meaning "king." Also sometimes given as an herb name.
BASSETT: English name derived from the Old French word basset, a byname for a short person, derived from a diminutive form of the word basse ("low, short"), hence, "shorty."
BASTIAN: Short form of English Sebastian, meaning "from Sebaste."
BAXTER: Old English occupational surname transferred to forename use, derived from the word bï¿½cestre, "female baker," the feminine form of bï¿½cere, "(male) baker."
BAZ: Pet form of English Basil, meaning "king" or "basil (the herb)."
BEAU: Originally an English pet name meaning "handsome," derived from the French word, beau, meaning "beautiful." Later, in the 19th century, it was used as a word meaning "admirer" or "sweetheart." Its use as a forename seems to have been due to Wren's novel Beau Geste (1924) and the character Beau Wilkes in Mitchell's Gone With the Wind (1936). 
BEAVIS: Variant spelling of English Bevis, possibly meaning "shining one."
BEDIVERE: Anglicized form of Welsh Bedwyr, possibly meaning "grave-knower," inferring "one who knows (Arthur's) grave." In Arthurian legend, this is the name of a Knight of the Round Table who returned Excalibur to the Lady of the Lake after King Arthur's death. Described as being one-handed, he was still an excellent warrior. In Welsh, his full name was Bedwyr Bedrydant, meaning "Bedivere of the Perfect Sinews."
BEELZEBUB: Anglicized form of Greek Beelzeboul, meaning "lord of dung." In the New Testament bible, this is a name for Satan, the prince of evil spirits. 
BELSHAZZAR: Anglicized form of Hebrew Belsha'tstsar, meaning "Ba'al protect the king." In the bible, this is the name of a king of Babylon at the time of its fall; he to whom Daniel interpreted the writing on the wall.
BELTESHAZZAR: Anglicized form of Babylonian Beltesha'tstsar, meaning "Ba'al's prince." In the bible, this is Daniel the prophet's Babylonian name. 
BEN: Short form of English Benjamin "son of the right hand" and Benedict "blessed." 

BENAIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Benayah and Benayahu, meaning "God has built." In the bible, this is the name of the captain of David's guard and many other characters.

BENEDICT: English form of French Bénédict, meaning "blessed." 

BENET: Variant spelling of English Bennett, meaning "blessed." Compare with another form of Benet.

BENETT: Variant spelling of English Bennett, meaning "blessed."

BENJAMIN: Anglicized form of Greek Beniamín from Hebrew Binyamin, meaning "son of the right hand." In the bible, this is the name of one of the founders of the twelve tribes of Israel, the youngest of Jacob's twelve sons. His birth name was Benoni, given to him by his mother who died giving birth to him. Not wanting his son to bear such an ill-omened name, Jacob changed his name to Binyamin/Benjamin, because he was the only son born in southern Canaan instead of northern Mesopotamia. Compare with another form of Benjamin.

BENJI: Pet form of English Benjamin, meaning "son of the right hand."

BENJIE: Pet form of English Benjamin, meaning "son of the right hand."

BENJY: Pet form of English Benjamin, meaning "son of the right hand."

BENNET: Variant spelling of English Bennett, meaning "blessed."

BENNETT: Medieval form of English Benedict, meaning "blessed." 

BENNIE: Pet form of English Benjamin "son of the right hand" and Benedict "blessed."

BENNY: Pet form of English Benjamin "son of the right hand" and Benedict "blessed."

BEN-ONI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Ben-Owniy, meaning "son of my sorrow." In the bible, this is the name given to Benjamin by his mother Rachel as she died giving birth to him.

BENONI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Ben-Owniy, meaning "son of my sorrow." In the bible, this is the name given to Benjamin by his mother Rachel as she died giving birth to him.

BENSON: English surname transferred to forename use, meaning "son of Ben."

BENTLEY: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the name of various places composed of the Old English elements beonet, "bent grass" and lēah "clearing, meadow" hence "bent grass meadow."

BENTON: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the name of a place in Northumbria composed of the Old English elements beonet "bent grass" and tūn "enclosure; settlement," hence "bent grass settlement."

BERKELEY: English habitational surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements be(o)rc "birch" and leah "clearing, meadow, pasture," hence "birch tree meadow."

BERNARD: English form of Anglo-Saxon Beornheard, meaning "bold as a bear." Compare with another form of Bernard.

BERNIE: Pet form of English Bernard, meaning "bold as a bear."

BERRY: Variant spelling of English Barry, meaning "fair-headed." Compare with feminine Berry.

BERT: Modern English name derived from Old English beorht, meaning "bright." Used as a short form of longer names containing the same element. 

BERTIE: Pet form of English Bert, meaning "bright." Compare with feminine Bertie.

BETHUEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Bethuw'el, meaning "God destroys" or "man of God." In the bible, this is the name of a town and also the name of the father of Rebecca.

BETUEL: Variant spelling of English Bethuel, meaning "God destroys" or "man of God."

BEVAN: English surname transferred to forename use, from the Anglicized form of Welsh ap Iefan, meaning "son of Evan."

BEVERLEY: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the name of a place in Humberside composed of the Old English elements beofor "beaver" and lēac "stream," hence "beaver stream." The feminine form of the name is spelled without the second "e"--Beverly.

BEVIS: English surname transferred to forename use, probably from the Old French place name Beauvais, in Oise, France which got its name from the Belgic tribe of the Bellovaci (Belovasci) that some say is the name of the Fir Bolg (the ancient Irish "shining ones") of Celtic mythology.

BEZALEEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Betsalel, meaning "in the shadow." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Uri who was one of the architects of the tabernacle, and the name of an Israelite. 

BIFF: Originally an American English boxing term, this name was later used as a byname for a tough-guy. Finally it transferred to a forename, and it still carries the same original meaning, "a blow with the fist."

BIGVAI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Bigvay, meaning "gardener, husbandman" or "in my bodies." In the bible, this is the name of a man who was a leader amongst the Babylonian exile returnees.

BILL: Pet form of English William, meaning "will-helmet."

BILLY: Pet form of English William, meaning "will-helmet."

BLAIN: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the old Scottish Gaelic personal name Bláán, meaning "little yellow one."

BLAINE: Variant spelling of English Blain, meaning "little yellow one."

BLAIZE: English variant spelling of French Blaise, meaning "talks with a lisp."
BLAKE: Old English byname for a person having unusually dark or light hair or skin. It later became a surname then a popular forename. It comes from two Old English words: 1) blï¿½c "black," and, 2) blāc "white." It can therefore mean either "black" or "white." 
BLAZE: Variant spelling of English Blaize, meaning "talks with a lisp."
BLISS: Old English unisex name derived from the vocabulary word bliss, meaning "joy; happiness." 
BLYTHE: Old English surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from the word blīðe, meaning "cheerful, happy."
BOAZ: Anglicized form of Hebrew Bo'az, meaning "swiftness." In the bible, this is the name of a Bethlehemite who married Ruth.
BOB: Short form of English Robert, meaning "bright fame." 
BOBBI: Unisex pet form of English Robert and Roberta, meaning "bright fame." 
BOBBY: Pet form of English Robert, meaning "bright fame."
BONIFACE: Short form of Latin Bonifatius, meaning "good destiny/fate." In use by the French and occasionally the English.
BOOKER: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, originally denoting both a "book-binder" and a "scribe."
BRAD: Short form of English names beginning with Brad-, from Old English brád, meaning "broad."
BRADBURN: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements brad "broad" and burna "stream," hence "broad stream."
BRADEN: English surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Ó Bradain, meaning "descendant of Bradán," hence "salmon."
BRADFORD: English habitational surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements brád "broad" and ford "ford, river crossing" hence "broad river crossing."
BRADLEY: English habitational surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements brád "broad" and leah "meadow, woodland clearing," broad meadow."
BRADY: Irish surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Brádaigh "descendant of Brádach," hence "large-chested."
BRAEDEN: Variant spelling of English Braden, meaning "salmon."
BRAIDEN: Variant spelling of English Braden, meaning "salmon." 
BRAIDY: Variant spelling of English unisex Brady, possibly meaning "large-chested." 
BRAN: Short form of English Brandon, meaning "broom-covered hill," and other names beginning with Bran-. Compare with other forms of Bran.
BRANDEN: Variant spelling of English Brandon, meaning "broom-covered hill."
BRANDON: English surname transferred to forename use, from the name of various places most of which were composed of the Old English elements brom "broom" and dun "hill," hence "broom-covered hill."
BRANDT: English surname transferred to forename use, from Anglo-Saxon Brand, meaning "blade, sword."
BRANNON: Variant spelling of English Brandon, meaning "broom-covered hill." 
BRANT: Variant spelling of English Brandt, meaning "blade, sword."
BRAYDEN: Variant spelling of English Braden, meaning "salmon." 
BRENDAN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Breándan, meaning "prince."
BRENDEN: Variant spelling of English Brendan, meaning "prince."
BRENDON: Variant spelling of English Brendan, meaning "prince."
BRENNAN: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Braonáin, "descendant of Braonán," hence "little drop." 
BRENT: English surname transferred to forename use having several possible origins: 
From an Old English byname for a criminal who had been "branded." For example, the surname Brendcheke "burned cheek" came from such a byname. 
From a habitational name derived either from Old English brant "steep" or an old British Celtic word meaning "high place." 
From a topographic name for someone who "lives by the ground cleared by fire," from Middle English brend, from brennan "to burn."
BRENTON: Habitational surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements bryne, meaning "fire, flame," and tun "enclosure, settlement, town," hence "fire town."
BRET: Variant spelling of English Brett, meaning "a Breton." 
BRETT: English unisex name meaning, "a Breton."
BRIAN: Old French derogatory byname derived from the Old Occitan word brian, meaning "maggot." Compare with another form of Brian.
BRIAR: English unisex name derived from the plant name briar, from Old English brer, meaning "prickly bush."
BRIGHAM: English surname transferred to forename use, from a place name composed of the Old English elements brycg "bridge" and ham "homestead," hence "homestead by the bridge."
BRISCOE: English surname transferred to forename use, from the name of various places, most of which were composed of the Old Norse elements birki "birch" and skï¿½gr "wood," hence "birch wood."
BRITTON: English surname transferred to forename use, meaning "from Britain."
BROCK: Surname transferred to forename use, derived from Old English brocc meaning "badger."
BRODERICK: Welsh surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of the personal name Rhydderch, meaning "reddish-brown." 
BRODIE: Modern English variant spelling of Irish Brody, meaning "ditch." 
BROOK: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, from Old English broc, meaning "brook, stream."
BROOKE: Variant spelling of English unisex Brook, meaning "brook, stream."
BROOKS: English surname transferred to forename use, meaning "of the brook."
BROSE: Short form of English Ambrose, meaning "immortal."
BRUCE: Scottish surname transferred to forename use, possibly meaning "woods; thicket." It was originally a Norman French baronial name but the exact location from which it was derived has not been identified and the number of possibilities are numerous. In use by the English.
BRUNO: German name derived from the word braun, meaning "brown." In use by the English.
BRUTUS: Roman Latin name meaning "heavy" or "the dullard." In use by the English.
BRYAN: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from Irish Brian, meaning "high hill."
BRYANT: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from Irish Brian, meaning "high hill."
BRYON: Variant spelling of English Bryan, meaning "high hill."
BUCK: From the American English pet name for a "high-spirited young man," from the vocabulary word buck, meaning  "male deer or goat."
BUD: Short form of English Buddy, meaning "companion."
BUDDY: English name derived from the vocabulary, which may be an altered form of "brother" or, more likely, a variant spelling of British butty, meaning "companion." 
BURNEY: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Mac Biorna "son of Biorna," hence "bear."
BURT: Short form of English Burton, meaning "fortified settlement."
BURTON: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements burh "fortress, protection" and tun "enclosure, settlement," hence "fortified settlement."
BUSTER: English slang term for someone who breaks things transferred to forename use, originally derived from the verb bust, meaning "to break, smash," hence "breaker, destroyer, smasher."
BUTCH: Originally a short from of the occupational surname Butcher. Later it was used to address a stranger in a sort of derogatory manner. For example, "Listen here, Butch..."
BUZ: Anglicized form of Hebrew Buwz, meaning "contempt." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Nachor.
BYRNE: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Broin "descendant of Bran," hence "raven."
BYRON: English surname transferred to forename use, from the Old English phrase æt ðæm byrum ("at the byres or cattle-sheds"). The name was usually given to someone whose job it was to look after cattle.
BYSSHE: English surname transferred to forename use, from a variant spelling of the surname Bush, meaning "bush."
CADE: English surname transferred to forename use, originally a byname for someone or something "round and lumpy."
CADEN: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from McCadden, an Anglicized form of Gaelic Mac Cadáin "son of Cadán," hence "little battle." 
CADENCE: English unisex name derived from the vocabulary word, from Latin cadens "to fall," hence "flow of rhythm."
CADOGAN: Anglicized form of Welsh Cadwgawn, meaning "battle glory."
CAIN: Anglicized form of Hebrew Qayin ("acquired, possessed") and Greek Kaïn ("maker; fabricator" i.e. "smith"). In the bible, this is the name of Adam and Eve's first son who killed his brother Abel. 
CAINAN: 
Anglicized form of Hebrew Qeynan, meaning "possession." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Enosh. 
Anglicized form of Greek Kaïnam, meaning "their smith." In the New Testament bible, this is the name of a son of an ancestor of Christ.
CAIRO: American English name derived from the name of the Egyptian city of Cairo, from Arabic al-Qāhira, meaning "victorious." 
CAL: Short form of English Calvin "little bald one," and other names beginning with Cal-.
CALDER: English surname transferred to forename use, probably from the place name Calder in Cumbria, composed of the Welsh elements caled "hard; violent," and dwfr "stream, water," hence "violent water."
CALE: Short form of English Caleb, meaning "dog" or "rabid."
CALEB: Anglicized form of Hebrew Kaleb, meaning "dog" or "rabid." In the bible, this is the name of one of the twelve spies sent into Israel by Moses.
CALVERT: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, derived from Middle English calfhirde, meaning "calf-herder."
CALVIN: English name derived from Latin Calvinus, meaning "little bald one."
CAM: Short form of Scottish unisex Cameron ("crooked nose"), and other names beginning with Cam-.
CAMDEN: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements camp "enclosure" and denu "valley," hence "enclosed valley."
CAMERON: Scottish surname transferred to unisex forename use, from the name of the great Highland clans whose ancestor had an ungraceful proboscis, composed of the Gaelic elements cam "bent, crooked" and sròn "nose," hence "crooked nose."
CAMP: English short form of Scottish Campbell, meaning "crooked mouth."
CAMPION: Norman French surname transferred to English forename use, derived from the word campion, which was originally a status name for a professional "champion."
CAMRON: English masculine variant spelling of Scottish Cameron, meaning "crooked nose."
CANAN: Anglicized form of Hebrew Chanan, meaning "compassionate, merciful." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including a chief of the tribe of Benjamin. 
CARBREY: Anglicized form of Gaelic Cairbre, meaning "charioteer." In Irish and Scottish use.
CARBRY: Variant spelling of English Carbrey, meaning "charioteer."
CAREY: Variant spelling of English unisex Cary, meaning "dark one." 
CARI: Variant spelling of English unisex Cary, meaning "dark one."
CARL: Older spelling of German Karl, meaning "man." 
CARLISLE: From the name of a city in northwest England where the Romans settled and named Lugovalio "place of Lugovalos." Lugovalio was later shortened to Leol and prefixed with the British word caer "fortress," rendering the name Carleol, "fortress of Lugovalos," from which Carlyle was derived. In Arthurian legend, this was the name of the place where Guinevere's affair with Sir Lancelot was exposed, and where she was sentenced to death. 
CARLTON: Variant spelling of English Charlton, meaning "settlement of the free peasants."
CARLYLE: Variant spelling of English Carlisle, meaning "fortress of Luguvalos."
CARMI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Karmiy, meaning "a vinedresser" or "my vineyard." In the bible, this is the name of a Judaite, father of Achan, and the name of the fourth son of Reuben.
CARRAN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Ciarán, meaning "little black one." 
CARROL: Variant spelling of English Carroll, meaning "hacker."
CARROLL: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Cearbhall, meaning "hacker."
CARTER: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, meaning "carter," someone who uses a cart.
CARVER: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, meaning "carver" of wood or stone.
CARY: Irish surname transferred to unisex forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Ciardha "descendant of Ciardha," hence "dark one."
CASEY: American English name bestowed in honor of the folk hero Casey Jones who got this byname from his place of birth, Cayce, Kentucky, which came from the Irish surname Cayce, an Anglicized form of Gaelic ï¿½ Cathasaigh "descendant of Cathasach," hence "vigilant, wakeful." Compare with feminine Casey.
CASIMIR: English form of Latin Casimiria, meaning "commands peace."
CASPER: English form of Spanish Gaspar, meaning "treasure bearer." Early Christians assigned names to the three Magi ("wise men from the east") who visited the baby Jesus. They are mentioned but not named in the bible; Casper is one of them, the other two are Balthasar and Melchior. Also spelled Jasper and Kasper.
CASSIDY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Caiside, "descendant of Caiside," hence "curly(-headed)."
CATIGERN: English name derived from Latin Catigernus, meaning "battle lord." In Arthurian legend, this is the name of a son of Vortigern.
CECIL: 
Anglicized form of Welsh Seissylt, meaning "sixth."
English name derived from Latin Cæcilius, meaning "blind.
CEDRIC: English name coined by Sir Walter Scott for a character in his novel Ivanhoe, thought to possibly be a variant spelling of Anglo-Saxon Cerdic, meaning "war chief." 
CENRIC: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Ceneric, meaning "keen power."
CHAD: Modern English form of Anglo-Saxon Ceadda, possibly meaning "battle."
CHADWICK: English surname transferred to forename use, meaning "Ceadda's dairy farm."
CHANCE: English unisex name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "chance." 
CHANDLER: Old French occupational surname transferred to English forename use, meaning "candle merchant."
CHARLES: English and French form of German Karl, meaning "man."
CHARLEY: Variant spelling of English unisex Charlie, meaning "man."
CHARLIE: Unisex pet form of English Charles and Charlene, meaning "man."
CHARLTON: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the name of many places named from Old English ceorlatun, meaning "settlement of the free peasants."
CHAS: Pet form of English Charles, meaning "man."
CHASE: Middle English surname (of Norman French origin) transferred to forename use, meaning "hunter." 
CHAUNCEY: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from a variant of the Norman French surname Chancey, originally a baronial habitational name (Chancé), meaning "good fortune." 
CHAUNCY: Variant spelling of English Chauncey, meaning "good fortune." 
CHAZ: Pet form of English Charles, meaning "man."
CHENANIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Kenanyah, meaning "Jehovah establishes" or "whom Jehovah defends." In the bible, this is the name of a Levite who was the chief of the Temple singers who conducted the music when the Ark of the Covenant was moved from the house of Obed-edom to Jerusalem.
CHEROKEE: Unisex name derived from the English pronunciation of Tsa-la-gi, a name that the Native American Cherokee people used to refer to themselves, meaning "principal people."
CHESED: Anglicized form of Hebrew Kesed, meaning "increase." In the bible, this is the name of the 4th son of Nahor.
CHESTER: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the city name Chester, from an Old English form of Latin castra, meaning "legionary camp." 
CHET: Pet form of English Chester, meaning "soldier's camp."
CHEYANNE: Variant spelling of English unisex Cheyenne, meaning "little Šahíya" or "little red-talker."
CHEYENNE: English unisex name derived from the name of the Native American people, from Dakota Sioux Šahíyena, meaning "little Šahíya" or "little red-talker."
CHIP: Pet form of English Charles "man" and Christopher "Christ-bearer."
CHRIS: English unisex short form of longer names beginning with Chris-.
CHRISTIAN: English name derived from Latin Christianus, meaning "believer" or "follower of Christ." In the bible, this is the name first given to the worshippers of Jesus by the Gentiles, but from the second century onward accepted by them as a title of honor.
CHRISTMAS: English name derived from the name of the holiday, from Old English Cristes mæsse, meaning "Christ festival."
CHRISTOPHER: English form of Latin Christophorus, meaning "Christ-bearer." 
CHUCK: Pet form of English Charles, meaning "man."
CHUCKIE: Pet form of English Charles, meaning "man."
CLANCEY: Variant spelling of English Clancy, meaning "red warrior."
CLANCY: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Mac Fhlannchaidh, "son of Flannchadh," hence "red warrior."
CLARE: Short form of English Clarence, meaning "illustrious." Compare with feminine Clare.
CLARENCE: English name derived from the Latin title Dux Clarentiae ("Duke Illustrious") first borne by a son of Edward III who was married to the heiress of Clare in Suffolk, hence "illustrious."
CLARK: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, meaning "clerk; secretary." 
CLARKE: Variant spelling of English Clark, meaning "clerk, secretary."
CLAUD: English form of French Claude, meaning "lame."
CLAY: Short form of English Clayton, meaning "clay settlement."
CLAYTON: English habitational surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements clï¿½g "clay" and tun "enclosure, settlement," hence "clay settlement."
CLEM: English short form of Latin Clement, meaning "gentle and merciful."
CLEMENT: Short form of Latin Clementius, meaning "gentle and merciful." meaning "gentle and merciful." In the bible, this is the name of a companion of Paul.
CLEMENTS: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from Latin Clemens or Clement, meaning "gentle and merciful."
CLEMMIE: Pet form of English Clem, meaning "gentle and merciful."
CLETIS: Variant spelling of Latin Cletus, meaning famous, renowned." 
CLETUS: Latin form of Greek Kleitos, meaning famous, renowned." 
CLEVE: Short form of English Cleveland, meaning "sloped land." 
CLEVELAND: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements clif "cliff, bank, slope," and land "land," hence "sloped land."
CLIFF: Originally a short form of English Clifford ("cliff river crossing)", this name became an independent name, meaning simply "cliff."
CLIFFORD: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements clif "cliff, bank, slope" and ford "ford," hence "cliff river crossing."
CLIFTON: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements clif "cliff, bank, slope" and tun "enclosure, settlement," hence "cliff settlement."
CLINT: Short form of English Clinton, meaning "settlement near the headland." 
CLINTON: English surname transferred to forename use, meaning "settlement near the headland." 
CLIVE: English surname transferred to forename use, from the name of various places, derived from Old English clif, meaning "bank, cliff, slope."
CLYDE: English name derived from the name of the Scottish river Cledwyn, of uncertain origin, but probably having a similar etymology to Irish Clodagh, meaning "muddy."
CODIE: Variant spelling of English unisex Cody, meaning "helper."
CODY: Irish surname transferred to unisex forename use, from a variant spelling of the surname Cuddihy (also spelled Cuddy), an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Cuidighthigh "descendant of Cuidightheach," hence "helper."
COLBERT: English surname transferred to forename use, from the French form of German Kolbert, a variant of Kölber, an occupational name for a "maker of wooden clubs" and later an "armor-maker," from Middle High German kolbe, meaning "cudgel, club." 
COLBY: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old Norse elements kolr "black, coal" and býr "settlement," hence "coal settlement."
COLE: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from Old English Cola, meaning "black, coal." This name is also sometimes used as a pet form of Nicholas, meaning "victor of the people."
COLEMAN: Middle English contracted form of Latin Columbanus, meaning "dove."
COLIN: 
Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Cailean, meaning "whelp; young pup."
Diminutive form of English Nicholas, meaning "victor of the people." 
COLLIN: Variant spelling of English Colin, meaning "whelp; young pup."
COLM: Short form of English Malcolm, meaning "devotee of St. Columb." Compare with another form of Colm.
COLMAN: English form of Irish Colmán, meaning "dove."
COLT: English name derived from the vocabulary word colt, from Old English colt, which originally meant "young ass" or "young camel."
COLTEN: Variant spelling of English Colton, meaning "Cola's settlement."
COLTON: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from a place name composed of the Old English personal name Cola and the word tun "enclosure, settlement," hence "Cola's settlement."
CONAN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Cónán, meaning "little hound."
CONFUCIUS: Anglicized form of Chinese Kong Fu Zi. Kong is the surname, meaning "hole" or "opening." Fu is the generation name, meaning "husband, master, man," and Zi is the given name, meaning "son."
CONLEY: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Conláed, meaning "purifying fire."
CONNELL: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Conall, meaning "hound of valor."
CONNER: Variant spelling of English Connor, meaning "hound-lover."
CONNOR: Anglicized form of Irish Conchobhar, meaning "hound-lover."
CONOR: Variant spelling of English Connor, meaning "hound-lover."
CONRAD: Variant spelling of German Konrad, meaning "bold counsel." In use by the English.
CONSTANTINE: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Conn, having several possible meanings including "chief, freeman, head, hound, intelligence, strength." In Arthurian legend, this is the name of the successor to King Arthur. He was the son of Cador of Cornwall who fought in the Battle of Camlann and was one of the few survivors. Just before Arthur was taken to Avalon, Cador passed the crown onto his son, Constantine. Compare with another form of Constantine.
CONWAY: Irish surname transferred to forename use, an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Conbhuide "descendant of Cú Bhuidhe," hence "yellow hound."
COOPER: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, from Dutch kuper, from kup "tub; container," which in English became coop. A cooper was a maker and/or fixer of vessels such as buckets and barrels.
CORBIN: From an Old French and Middle English byname composed of the word corb, "crow, raven," and a diminutive suffix, hence "little crow" or "little raven."
CORDELL: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, from a diminutive form of Old French corde, "rope," hence "little roper." The occupation consisted of making strings, cords, ropes, etc.
COREY: English name, possibly of Irish Gaelic origin, from a place name meaning "deep hollow, ravine."
CORI: Variant spelling of English Corey, possibly meaning "deep hollow, ravine."
CORIE: Variant spelling of English Corey, possibly meaning "deep hollow, ravine."
CORNELIUS: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Conn, having several possible meanings including "chief, freeman, head, hound, intelligence, strength." Compare with another form of Cornelius.
CORTNEY: Variant spelling of English unisex Courtney, meaning "short nose."
CORY: Variant spelling of English Corey, possibly meaning "deep hollow, ravine."
COTY: Variant spelling of English Cody, meaning "helper." 
COURTNEY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from the French baronial name Courtenay, from the byname court nez, meaning "short nose." 
COWAL: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Comhghall, meaning "joint pledge."
CRAWFORD: English byname for someone with splayed feet, transferred to surname then to forename, composed of the Old English elements crawe "crow" and fot "foot," hence "crow-foot."
CRISPIAN: Variant spelling of English Crispin, meaning "curly(-headed)."
CRISPIN: English name derived from Latin Crispinus, meaning "curly(-headed)."
CROFTON: English habitational surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements croft "paddock, vegetable garden," and tun "enclosure, settlement," hence "garden settlement."
CULLEN: Irish surname transferred to forename use, an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Coileáin, "descendant of Coileán," hence "whelp, young pup."
CURT: Short form of English Curtis, meaning "courteous."
CURTIS: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from a byname for a "courteous" person, from Old French curteis. The name later became associated with Middle English curt "short" and hose "leggings," taking on the meaning "short leggings."
CUSH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Kuwsh, meaning "black," i.e. "Ethiopian." In the bible, this is the name of a land and its people. It is also the name of a Benjamite and the son of Ham and grandson of Noah.
CUTHBERT: Modern English form of Anglo-Saxon Cuthbeorht, meaning "bright fame." 
CY: English short form of Latin Cyrus, meaning "like the sun."
CYMBELINE: Anglicized form of Celtic Cunobelinus, meaning "hound of Belenus."
CYRIL: English masculine form of French unisex Cyrille, meaning "lord."
CYRUS: Latin form of Greek Kyros, meaning "like the sun." In the bible, this is the name of the king of Persia, Cyrus the Great, conqueror of Babylon, who freed the captive Jews. 
DACEY: Irish surname transferred to unisex forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Déiseach (originally a name for a member of the Déise), "a tenant, a vassal," a word tracing back to Indo-European *dem-s, meaning "house."
DAKOTA: English unisex name derived from the name that the Native American Sioux people call themselves, meaning "allies."
DALE: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, meaning "dale, valley."
DALEY: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Dálaigh, "descendant of Dálach," hence "assembly, gathering."
DALLAS: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from the Scottish place name Dalfhas, composed of the Gaelic elements dail "meadow" and fhas "stance," hence "meadow stance," i.e. a meadow used by cattle droves as an overnight dwelling.
DALTON: English surname transferred to forename use, from various place names composed of the Old English elements dæl "valley" and tun "enclosure, settlement," hence "valley settlement."
DALY: Variant spelling of English Daley, meaning "assembly, gathering."
DAMIAN: English name derived from Latin Damianus, meaning "to tame, to subdue" and euphemistically "to kill." 
DAMION: Variant spelling of English Damian, meaning "to tame, to subdue" and euphemistically "to kill." 
DAN (דָּן): Short form of Hebrew Daniy, meaning "judge." In the bible, this is the name of Jacob's fifth son (of 12). 
DANA: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, possibly meaning "from Denmark."
DANE: A dialectal variant spelling of English Dean, meaning "dean; ecclesiastical supervisor."
DANIEL: 
Anglicized form of Greek Daniēl (Hebrew Daniyel), meaning "God is my judge." In the bible, this is the name of the hero of the Book of Daniel, who was cast into a den of lions but saved by God.
Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Domhnall, meaning "world ruler."
DANNI: Variant spelling of English Danny, meaning "God is my judge." Compare with feminine Danni.
DANNIE: Variant spelling of English Danny, meaning "God is my judge."
DANNY: Pet form of English Daniel, meaning "God is my judge."
DARBY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, possibly a corruption of Derby, a shire of England, so called from doire, meaning "a forest abounding in deer." 
DARCIE: Variant spelling of English unisex Darcy, meaning "from Arcy."
DARCY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, meaning "from Arcy."
DARDEN: English surname transferred to forename use, probably of Norman French origin, meaning "from Ardern."
DARELL: Variant spelling of English Darrell, meaning "from Airelle."
DAREN: English surname transferred to forename use, from the Norman French baronial name d'Araines, meaning "from Araines."
DARIAN: English unisex name derived from Roman Latin Darius, meaning "possesses a lot, wealthy."
DARIEN: Variant spelling of English unisex Darian, meaning "possesses a lot, wealthy."
DARIN: Variant spelling of English Daren, meaning "from Araines."
DARNELL: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, composed of the Old English elements derne "hidden, secret" and halh "nook," hence "hidden/secret nook."
DARREL: Variant spelling of English Darrell, meaning "from Airelle."
DARRELL: English surname transferred to forename use, from the Norman French baronial name d'Airelle, meaning "from Airelle."
DARREN: Variant spelling of English Daren, meaning "from Araines."
DARRIN: Variant spelling of English Daren, meaning "from Araines."
DARRYL: Unisex form of English Darrell, meaning "from Airelle."
DARYL: Variant spelling of English unisex Darryl, meaning "from Airelle."
D'ARTAGNAN (pronounced dar-tan-yun): French habitational surname transferred to forename use, meaning "from Artagnan." This was the name of the hero of Alexandre Dumas' novel The Three Musketeers. The French form of the name is d'Artagnan; the English form is D'Artagnan (capital "D").
DARWIN: English surname transferred to forename use, probably derived from a Middle English personal name composed of the Old English elements deor "dear" and wine "friend," hence "dear friend."
DARYL: Unisex form of English Darrell, meaning "from Airelle."
DASHIELL (pron. daSHEEL): Americanized form of the French surname De Chiel used as a personal name, composed of the French elements de "of" and chiel "heaven," hence "from heaven."
DAVE: English short form of Hebrew David, meaning "beloved."
DAVEN: Variant spelling of English Davin, meaning "little black one." Compare with another form of Daven.
DAVEY: English pet form of Hebrew David, meaning "beloved." Compare with another form of Davey.
DAVID (דָּוִד, דָּוִיד): Hebrew name meaning "beloved." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Jesse. David was the second king of Israel and father of King Solomon. As a youth he killed a giant named Goliath with his slingshot. 
DAVIE: English pet form of Hebrew David, meaning "beloved." Compare with another form of Davie.
DAVIN: Scottish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Duibhín "descendant of Duibhín," hence "little black one."
DAVIS: English surname transferred to forename use, from Hebrew David, meaning "beloved."
DAVY: English pet form of Hebrew David, meaning "beloved." Compare with another form of Davy.
DAW: English pet form of Hebrew David, meaning "beloved." Compare with another form of Daw.
DAWSON: English surname, transferred to forename use, meaning "son of Daw (David)."
DAX: American English form of German Dachs, meaning "badger." 
DAYE: English surname transferred to forename use, possibly originally a nickname for Anglo-Saxon names containing the element dï¿½g, meaning "day," such as Dægberht and Dægmund.
DAYTON: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements dic "ditch, dike" and tun "enclosure, settlement," hence "dike settlement."
DEACON: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, from the Greek word diakonos, meaning "servant."
DEAN: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, from the Latin word decanus, meaning "dean; ecclesiastical supervisor."
DEANDRE: English elaborated form of French André, meaning "man, warrior." 
DECLAN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Deaglán, meaning "fully good."
DEE: English unisex short form of longer names beginning with the letter "D." In some cases, it may be of Scottish origin, associated with the River Dee, possibly meaning "dark water." Compare with strictly feminine Dee.
DEEMER: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from Old English demere, meaning "judge."
DEFOREST: English name derived from a Norman French surname, meaning "from the forest."
DEFORREST: Variant spelling of English Deforest, meaning "from the forest."
DELAIA: Variant spelling of English Delaiah, meaning "God has drawn."
DELAIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Delayah, meaning "God has drawn." Hebrew name meaning "God has drawn." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a descendant of Zerubbabel.
DELANEY: Irish surname transferred to unisex forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Dubhshláine "descendant of Dubhshláine," hence "black challenger."
DELBERT: Probably a Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Æðelbert, meaning "bright nobility."
DELL: English surname transferred to forename use, originally a byname for someone who "lives in a dell/hollow." 
DELMAR: English name possibly derived from Spanish del mar, meaning "of the sea." Once popular among African Americans.
DELROY: English name possibly derived from the Old French phrase del roy, meaning "son or servant of the king."
DEMING: Alternate spelling of the English surname Deeming, meaning "act of judging." Compare with another form of Deming.
DEN: English short form of longer names beginning with Den-.
DENE: Variant spelling of English Dean, meaning "dean, ecclesiastical supervisor."
DENIS: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Donnchadh, meaning "brown warrior." Compare with another form of Denis.
DENNIS: English form of Latin Dionysius, meaning "follower of Dionysos."
DENNY: Pet form of English Dennis, meaning "follower of Dionysos."
DENTON: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements denu "valley" and tun "enclosure, settlement," hence "valley settlement."
DENVER: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements Dene "Dane" and fær "passage, crossing," hence "Dane crossing."
DENYS: Variant spelling of English Dennis, meaning "follower of Dionysos."
DEON: English variant spelling of French Dion, meaning "god, Zeus."
DEONNE: English variant spelling of French Dion, meaning "god, Zeus."
DEONTE: Modern English creation, possibly a blend of Deon "god, Zeus" and Dante "steadfast."
DERBY: Variant spelling of English unisex Darby, meaning "deer farm."
DEREK: English name derived from Dutch Diederik, meaning "first of the people; king of nations."
DERICK: Variant spelling of English Derek, meaning "first of the people; king of nations."
DERMOT: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Diarmaid, meaning "without envy."
DERREN: Variant spelling of English Daren, meaning "from Araines."
DERRICK: Variant spelling of English Derek, meaning "first of the people; king of nations."
DERRY: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Dáire, meaning "fertile, fruitful."
DERRYL: Variant spelling of English unisex Darryl, meaning "from Airelle."
DERWIN: Probably a variant spelling of English Darwin, meaning "dear friend."
DERYCK: Variant spelling of English Derek, meaning "first of the people; king of nations."
DESHAUN: Variant spelling of English Deshawn, meaning "God is gracious."
DESHAWN: Elaborated form of English Shawn, meaning "God is gracious."
DESMOND: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Deas-Mhumhan, meaning "man from south Munster." 
DEVAN: Variant spelling of English unisex Devon, meaning "worshiper of the god Dumnonos." 
DEVEN: Variant spelling of English unisex Devon, meaning "worshiper of the god Dumnonos." 
DEVEREUX: French surname transferred to English forename use, meaning "from Evreux." Evreux is a commune of Normandy, France which got its name from the Eburovices, the name of a gallic tribe, meaning "those which overcome by the yew." Yew wood was used to make weapons: bows, arrows, spears, etc.
DEVIL: English form of Greek Diabolos, meaning "accuser, slanderer." In the bible, this is a title for Satan, the prince of demons and author of evil, who estranges men from God and entices them to sin. Figuratively, the devil is a man who, by opposing the cause of God, may be said to act the part of the devil or to side with him.
DEVIN: Irish surname transferred to forename use, derived from the surname Devine, an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Daimhín, "descendant of Daimhín," hence "little fawn."
DEVON: English unisex name derived from the county name, from a British tribal name, meaning "worshiper of the god Dumnonos." 
DEWAYNE: Elaborated form of English Dwayne, meaning "little black one."
DEWEY: English form of Welsh Dewi, meaning "beloved."
DEXTER: English surname transferred to forename use, originally denoting a female "dyer," but by the time it became a personal name it had already become strongly associated with Latin dexter "auspicious, right-handed," and was usually chosen as a name because of this.
DEYE: Variant spelling of English Daye, meaning "day."
DEZI: English variant spelling of Italian/Spanish Desi, meaning "longing."
DHELWEARD: Middle English name derived from Anglo-Saxon Ædhelweard, meaning "noble guard."
DIAMOND: English unisex name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "diamond" for girls and "bright protector" for boys. This is the birthstone for the month of April.
DIBRI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Dibriy, meaning "my word" or "eloquent." In the bible, this is the name of a man whose daughter married an Egyptian.
DICK: Short form of English Richard, meaning "powerful ruler." Compare with another form of Dick.
DICKIE: Pet form of English Richard, meaning "powerful ruler."
DICKY: Pet form of English Richard, meaning "powerful ruler."
DIGBY: English surname transferred to forename use, from a place name composed of the Old Norse elements diki "ditch" and býr "settlement," hence "ditch-settlement."
DIGGORY: English form of French Degaré, probably meaning "strayed, lost." 
DIGORY: Cornish and English form of French Degaré, probably meaning "strayed, lost." 
DIKLA: Variant spelling of English Diklah, meaning "palm grove." 
DIKLAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Diqlah, meaning "palm grove." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Joktan.
DILBERT: Variant spelling of English Delbert, meaning "bright nobility."
DILLON: English form of Welsh Dylan, meaning "great sea."
DINIS: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Donnchadh, meaning "brown warrior." Compare with another form of Dinis.
DISHAN: Anglicized form of Hebrew Diyshan, meaning "a species of gazelle" or "a thresher." In the bible, this is the name of the fifth son of Seir.
DISMAS: Anglicized form of Greek Dysmas, meaning "sunset." This name is not actually found in the bible but was given by Christians to the thief who was crucified beside Jesus.
DOB: Medieval pet form of English Robert, meaning "bright fame."
DODGE: Old pet form of English Rodger, meaning "famous spear."
DOLPH: Short form of English Adolph, meaning "noble wolf."
DOM: Short form of English Dominic, meaning "belongs to the lord."
DOMENIC: Variant spelling of English Dominic, meaning "belongs to the lord."
DOMINIC: English name derived from Latin Dominicus, meaning "belongs to the Lord." This is a name traditionally given to a child born on Sunday. 
DOMINICK: Older spelling of English Dominic, meaning "belongs to the lord."
DON: Short form of English Donald, meaning "world ruler."
DONAGHY: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Donnchadh, meaning "brown warrior."
DONAL: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Dónal, meaning "world ruler."
DONALD: Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Domhnall, meaning "world ruler."
DONALL: Variant spelling of English Donal, meaning "world ruler."
DONNIE: Variant spelling of English Donny, meaning "world ruler."
DONNY: Pet form of English Donald, meaning "world ruler."
DONOGH: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Donnchadh, meaning "brown warrior."
DONOUGH: Variant spelling of English Donogh, meaning "brown warrior."
DONOVAN: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Donndubháin, "descendant of Donndubhán," hence "little dark brown one."
DORAN: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Deoradháin, "descendant of Deoradhán," hence "exile, wanderer." Compare with another form of Doran.
DORE: Short form of English Isidore, meaning "gift of Isis."
DORIAN: English name coined by Oscar Wilde for a character in his novel The Portrait of Dorian Gray, 1891. Probably derived from Latin Dorianus, meaning "of the Dorian tribe."
DOUG: Short form of English Douglas, meaning "black stream."
DOUGAL: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Dubhghall, meaning "black stranger." 
DOUGIE: 
Pet form of English Douglas, meaning "black stream."
Pet form of English Dougal, meaning "black stranger." 
DOUGLAS: Scottish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Dùbhghlas, meaning "black stream."
DOYLE: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Dubhghall, meaning "black stranger." 
DRAKE: English surname transferred to forename use, having several possible origins: 1) from the byname Draca, meaning "snake" or "dragon." 2) from Middle English drake, meaning "male duck." 3) from Old Norse Draki, meaning "snake" or "monster." 
DRAVEN: English name possibly derived from the Old English word drǽfend, meaning "hunter." 
DREW: Short form of English Andrew, meaning "man; warrior."
DRISCOLL: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó h-Eidirsceóil "son of the messenger," from eidirsceól, composed of the elements eidir "between" and scéal "story, news," hence "go-between, intermediary, messenger, news bearer." 
DRISKOLL: Variant spelling of English Driscoll, meaning "go-between, intermediary, messenger, news bearer." 
DUANE: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Dubhán, originally a byname from a diminutive of Gaelic dubh, meaning "little black one."
DUD: Short form of English Dudley, meaning "Dudda's meadow."
DUDDA: Variant spelling of Old English Dudde, meaning "cloak, mantle."
DUDDE: From Old English dudde "cloak, mantle," which later produced the word duds "ragged clothing" and dud which became a byname for a person "dressed raggedly."
DUDLEY: 
Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Dara "oak," Dubhdara "black oak," and Dubhaltach "black-haired." 
English habitational surname transferred to forename use, meaning "Dudda's meadow."
DUFF: Short form of English Duffy, meaning "black peace." Compare with another form of Duff.
DUFFY: Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Mac Dhuibhshíthe "son of Duibhshíth," hence "black peace."
DUGAL: Variant spelling of English Dougal, meaning "black stranger." 
DUKE: 
English name derived from the vocabulary word duke, from Latin dux, meaning "commander, leader."
Short form of English Marmaduke, meaning "devotee of Maedóc." 
DUNCAN: Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Donnchadh, meaning "brown warrior."
DUNKY: Pet form of English Duncan, meaning "brown warrior."
DUNN: 
Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Ó Duinn "descendant of Donn," hence "brown."
English surname transferred to forename use, originally a byname for someone with dark hair or a swarthy complexion, from the Middle English element dunn, meaning "dark-colored."
DURWARD: Old English occupational name meaning "doorkeeper, warder at the gate."
DUSTIN: English surname transferred to forename use, probably ultimately from Old Norse Thorsteinn, meaning "Thor's stone."
DUSTY: Pet form of English Dustin, probably meaning "Thor's stone."
DWANE: Variant spelling of English Dwayne, meaning "little black one."
DWAYNE: Variant spelling of English Duane, meaning "little black one."
DWIGHT: English surname transferred to forename use, from the feminine personal name Diot, a pet form of Dionysia, meaning "follower of Dionysos." 
DYE: Pet form of English Dennis, meaning "follower of Dionysos."
DYL: Short form of Welsh Dylan, meaning "great sea."
DYLAN: Welsh name composed of the elements dy "great" and llanw "sea," hence "great sea." In mythology, this is the name of a sea god, son of Aranrhod, and twin brother to Lleu Llaw Gyffes.
DYSON: English surname transferred to forename use, meaning "son of Dye." 
EADE: Middle English pet form of Hebrew Adam, meaning "earth" or "red."
EARL: Aristocratic title transferred to byname and finally to forename, from Old English eorl, meaning "nobleman, prince, warrior."
EARLE: Variant spelling of English Earl, meaning "nobleman, prince, warrior."
EAMON: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Éamon, meaning "protector of prosperity."
EARNEST: Variant spelling of English Ernest, meaning "battle (to the death), serious business."
EASON: English patronymic surname transferred to forename use, meaning "son of Eade." 
EASTER: English unisex name derived from the holiday name "Easter," which is related to Old English Eosturmónaþ/Eastermónaþ, meaning "April."
EB: English short form of longer names beginning with Eb-.
EBBIE: Pet form of English Ebenezer, meaning "stone of help."
EBBY: Variant spelling of English Ebbie, meaning "stone of help."
EBENEZER: Anglicized form of Hebrew Eben-haezer, meaning "foundation stone, stone of help." In the bible, this is the name of the place where the Israelites were defeated by the Philistines. It is also the name of a memorial stone set up by Samuel after the Israelites got their revenge. Ebenezer was first used as a forename by 17th century Puritans.
EBER: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Éibhear, meaning "bow warrior." Compare with other forms of Eber.
ED: Short form of English Edward, meaning "guardian of prosperity." Used also as a short form of other longer names beginning with Ed-.
EDAN: Variant spelling of English Aidan, meaning "little fire."
EDDIE: Pet form of English Edward, meaning "guardian of prosperity."
EDDY: Variant spelling of English Eddie, meaning "guardian of prosperity."
EDEN (עֵדֶן): Hebrew unisex name meaning "delight" or "place of pleasure." In the bible, this is the name of the garden in which Adam and Eve lived.
EDGAR: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Eádgár, meaning "rich spear."
EDISON: English surname transferred to forename use, meaning "son of Eda."
EDMUND: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Eadmund, meaning "protector of prosperity."
EDRIC: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Eadric, meaning "rich ruler."
EDSON: English surname transferred to forename use, meaning "son of Ed."
EDUN: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Eadhun, meaning "rich Hun." 
EDWARD: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Eadweard, meaning "guardian of prosperity." 
EDWIN: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Eadwine, meaning "rich friend." 
EDWYN: Variant spelling of Middle English Edwin, meaning "rich friend."
EGBERT: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Ecgbryht, meaning "bright edge."
EHUD: 
Anglicized form of Hebrew Echuwd, meaning "joining together, united." In the bible, this is the name of a great grandson of Benjamin. 
Anglicized form of Hebrew Ehuwd, meaning "joining together, united." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Bilhan and a judge of Israel.
ELADA: Anglicized form of Hebrew El'adah, meaning "whom God puts on." In the bible, this is the name of a descendant of Ephraim. Compare with another form of Elada.
ELADAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew El'adah, meaning "whom God puts on." In the bible, this is the name of a descendant of Ephraim.
ELAM: Anglicized form of Hebrew Eylam, meaning "boundless time, eternity." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including the eldest son of Shem. 
ELBERT: English variant spelling of French Albert, meaning "bright nobility."
ELBIE: Pet form of English Elbert, meaning "bright nobility."
ELBRIDGE: English name composed of the Old English elements eald "old" and bric "bridge," hence "old bridge." This was the name of the fifth vice president of the United States, Elbridge Thomas Gerry.
ELDEN: Variant spelling of Middle English Alden, meaning "old friend."
ELDIN: Variant spelling of Middle English Aldin, meaning "old friend."
ELDIS: Variant spelling of Old English Aldous, probably meaning "from the old house." 
ELDON: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the masculine name Ella and the Old English word dun "hill," hence "Ella's hill."
ELDOUS: Variant spelling of Old English Aldous, probably meaning "from the old house." 
ELDRED: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Ealdred, meaning "old advisor."
ELDRIDGE: Variant spelling of English Aldridge, meaning "noble ruler."
ELDWEN: Variant spelling of Middle English Eldwin, meaning "old friend."
ELDWIN: Variant spelling of Middle English Aldwin, meaning "old friend."
ELEAZAR: Anglicized form of Hebrew Elazar, meaning "God has helped." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a high priest son of Aaron. 
ELGAR: Variant spelling of Middle English Algar, meaning "elf spear." 
ELGER: Variant spelling of English Algar, meaning "elf spear."
ELHANAN: Anglicized form of Hebrew Elchanan, meaning "God is gracious." In the bible, this is the name of a warrior of King David's army.
ELI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Eliy, meaning "ascending." In the bible, this is the name of a high priest and last of the Judges in the days of Samuel. Compare with another form of Eli.
ELIAB: Anglicized form of Hebrew Eliyab, meaning "my God is Father." In the bible, this is the name of a leader of the tribe of Zebulun.
ELIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Eliyah, meaning "the Lord is my God." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including the prophet who lived in during the reign of Ahab.
ELIASAPH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Elyacaph, meaning "God increases the family." In the bible, this is the name of a leader of the tribe of Gad.
ELIFAZ: Anglicized form of Hebrew Eliyphaz, meaning "my God is pure gold." In the bible, this is the name of Job's three friends.
ELIFELET: Anglicized form of Hebrew Eliyphelet, meaning "my God is deliverance." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including King David's youngest son. Also spelled Eliphelet.
ELIHOENAI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Elyehoweynay, meaning "unto God are my eyes." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including a priest and a Korahite temple doorkeeper.
ELIHU: Anglicized form of Hebrew Eliyhuw, meaning "He is my God." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including a friend of Job.
ELIJAH: Anglicized form of Greek Elias (Hebrew Eliyah), meaning "the Lord is my God." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including the prophet who lived in during the reign of Ahab.
ELIMELECH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Eliymelek, meaning "my God is King." In the bible, this is the name of the husband of Naomi.
ELIOENAI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Elyehoweynay, meaning "unto God are my eyes." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including a priest and a Korahite temple doorkeeper.
ELIOT: Variant spelling of English Elliot, meaning "the Lord is my God."
ELIOTT: Variant spelling of English Elliot, meaning "the Lord is my God."
ELIPHALET: Anglicized form of Hebrew Eliyphelet, meaning "my God is deliverance." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including King David's youngest son.
ELIPHAZ: Anglicized form of Hebrew Eliyphaz, meaning "my God is pure gold." In the bible, this is the name of Job's three friends.
ELIPHELET: Anglicized form of Hebrew Eliyphelet, meaning "my God is deliverance." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including King David's youngest son.
ELISHA: Anglicized form of Hebrew Eliysha, meaning "God is salvation." In the bible, this is the name of the prophet who succeeded Elijah.
ELISHUA: Anglicized form of Hebrew Eliyshuwa, meaning "my God is savior." In the bible, this is the name of a son of King David.
ELIUD: 
Anglicized form of Greek Elioud, meaning "God his glory." In the New Testament bible, this is the name of an ancestor of Christ.
English name of a legendary king of the Britons who was preceded by Urianus and succeeded by Cledaucus.
ELKANA: Variant spelling of English Elkanah, meaning either "God has created" or "God has possessed."
ELKANAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Elqanah, meaning either "God has created" or "God has possessed." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including one of the sons of Korah.
ELLA: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Ælla, meaning "all, universal." Compare with feminine Ella.
ELLERY: From an Old English place name meaning "island of elder trees." 
ELLGAR: Variant spelling of Middle English Elgar, meaning "elf spear."
ELLGER: Variant spelling of Middle English Elger, meaning "elf spear."
ELLIOT: English surname transferred to forename use, originally a Norman French diminutive form of Old French Élie, meaning "the Lord is my God."
ELLIOTT: Variant spelling of English Elliot, meaning "the Lord is my God."
ELLIS: 
Anglicized form of Welsh Elisud, meaning "kind."
Medieval English form of Greek Elias, meaning "the Lord is my God." 
ELMER: English surname transferred to forename use, from Middle English Aylmer, meaning "nobly famous."
ELPALET: Anglicized form of Hebrew Eliyphelet, meaning "my God is deliverance." 
ELRIC: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Ælfric, meaning "elf ruler."
ELROD: Frequently found in southern states of the U.S., this name is an English altered spelling of the German surname Ellrodt which is probably from the place name Ellierode, a village in the Solling mountains in the valley of Schöttelbach Creek, meaning "wood clearing at the water."
ELROND: Tolkien literary name meaning "star dome."
ELROY: English altered spelling of French Leroy, meaning "the king."
ELSDON: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the feminine personal name Elli and Old English denu "valley," hence "Elli's valley."
ELTON: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Middle English personal name Ella and tun "enclosure, settlement," hence "Ella's settlement."
ELVIN: Variant spelling of Middle English Elwin, meaning "elf friend."
ELVIS: Perhaps an English form of Scandinavian Alvis, meaning "all wise."
ELWEARD: Variant spelling of Middle English Aylward, meaning "elf guard" or "noble guard."
ELWIN: Variant spelling of Middle English Alwin, meaning "elf friend." 
ELWOOD: English surname transferred to forename use, possibly composed of the Old English elements ellern "elder tree" and wudu "wood," hence "elder tree forest." 
ELYAKIM: Anglicized form of Hebrew Elyaqiym or Greek Eliakim, meaning "God will establish."
ELYAKUM: Anglicized form of Hebrew Elyaqiym or Greek Eliakim, meaning "God will establish."
ELYASAF (אֱלְיָסָף): Anglicized form of Hebrew Elyacaph, meaning "God increases the family." In the bible, this is the name of a leader of the tribe of Gad.
ELWYN: Variant spelling of Middle English Elwin, meaning "elf friend."
EMERSON: English surname transferred to forename use, meaning "son of Emery."
EMERY: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the German personal name Emeric, meaning "work-power."
EMIL: German and Scandinavian name derived from Latin Æmilius, meaning "rival." In use by the English.
EMMANUEL: Latin form of Greek Emmanouel, meaning "God is with us." In the Old Testament bible, this is the name of the promised Messiah as prophesied by Isaiah. In the New Testament, it is a name given to Christ by Matthew. In use by the English and French.
EMMERSON: Variant spelling of English Emerson, meaning "son of Emery."
EMMET: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the French feminine personal name Emmet, meaning "entire, whole." Compare with another form of Emmet.
EMMETT: Variant spelling of English Emmet, meaning "entire, whole." Compare with another form of Emmett.
EMORY: Variant spelling of English Emery, meaning "work-power."
ENDA: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Éanna, meaning "bird-like."
ENOCH: Anglicized form of Greek Henoch (Hebrew Chanowk), meaning "dedicated" or "initiated." In the bible, this is the name of the eldest son of Cain, and a son of Jared the father of Methuselah.
ENOS: Variant spelling of English Enosh, meaning "man; human being."
ENOSH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Enowsh, meaning "man; human being." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Seth.
EPHAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew unisex Eyphah, meaning "darkness" or "gloomy." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a son of Midian and one of Caleb's concubines.
EREK: Variant spelling of English Eric, meaning "ever-ruler."
ERIC: English form of German Erich, meaning "ever-ruler." 
ERICK: Variant spelling of English Eric, meaning "ever-ruler."
ERIK: Variant spelling of English Eric, meaning "ever-ruler." Compare with another form of Erik.
ERLE: Variant spelling of English Earl, meaning "nobleman, prince, warrior."
ERN: Short form of English Ernest, meaning "battle (to the death), serious business."
ERNEST: English form of German Ernust, meaning "battle (to the death), serious business."
ERNIE: Pet form of English Ernest, meaning "battle (to the death), serious business."
ERROL: Scottish surname transferred to forename use, from a place name possibly meaning "to wander." 
ERROLL: Variant spelling of Scottish Errol, possibly meaning "to wander."
ERVIN: Variant spelling of English Erwin, meaning "boar friend." Compare with another form of Ervin.
ERWIN: Medieval English form of Anglo-Saxon Eoforwin, meaning "boar friend." Compare with another form of Erwin.
ERYK: Variant spelling of English Eric, meaning "ever-ruler."
ESMOND: Variant spelling of Middle English Estmond, meaning "gracious protector." 
ESMUND: Variant spelling of Middle English Esmond, meaning "gracious protector."
ESTMOND: Variant spelling of Middle English Estmund, meaning "gracious protector."
ESTMUND: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Eastmund, meaning "gracious protector."
ETHAN: Anglicized form of Hebrew Eythan, meaning "enduring, long-lived." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a grandson of Judah.
EUAN: Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Eòghan, meaning "born of yew."
EUGENE: 
Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Eóghan, meaning "born of yew."
English form of French Eugène, meaning "well born."
EUSEBY: English name derived from Latin Eusebius, meaning "pious."
EUSTACE: English form of French Eustache, meaning "fruitful."
EVAN: 
Anglicized form of Welsh Iefan, meaning "God is gracious."
Variant spelling of English Euan, meaning "born of yew."
EVELYN: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from the Norman French personal name Aveline, meaning "little Eve." Compare with strictly feminine Evelyn.
EVERETT: English surname transferred to forename use, from a variant of Norman French Everard, meaning "strong as a boar." 
EVERITT: Variant spelling of English Everett, meaning "strong as a boar."
EWAIN: Variant spelling of Middle English Ywain, meaning "well born."
EWAN: Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Eòghan, meaning "born of yew."
EWANE: Variant spelling of English Ewan, meaning "well born."
EWEN: Variant spelling of English Ewan, meaning "born of yew."
EZEKIEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yechezqel, meaning "God will strengthen." In the bible, this is the name of a prophet, the author of the Book of Ezekiel. Also spelled Jehezekel.
FABIAN: English form of Latin Fabianus, meaning "like Fabius." 
FARLEY: English habitational surname transferred to unisex forename use, composed of the Old English elements fearn "fern" and leah "clearing, meadow," hence "fern meadow."
FARON: Variant spelling of English Farran, meaning "ardent for peace."
FARQUHAR: Scottish Anglicized form of Gaelic Fearchar, meaning "dear man."
FARRAN: English surname transferred to forename use, from the French name Ferrand, meaning "ardent for peace." 
FARRELL: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Fearghail "descendant of Fearghal," hence "man of valor."
FAWKE: Altered form of medieval English Fulke, meaning "tribe."
FELIM: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Féidhlim, possibly meaning "ever good."
FELIS: Medieval English form of Latin Felix, meaning "happy" or "lucky." Compare with another form of Felis.
FELIX: Latin name meaning "happy" or "lucky." In the bible, this is the name of a Roman procurator of Judea.
FELYSE: Medieval English form of Latin Felix, meaning "happy" or "lucky."
FENTON: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements fenn "fen, marsh" and tun "enclosure, settlement," hence "marsh settlement."
FERD: Short form of English Ferdinand, meaning "ardent for peace."
FERDIE: Pet form of English Ferdinand, meaning "ardent for peace."
FERDINAND: 
Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Fearghus, meaning "strong-man."
English form of Italian Ferdinando, meaning "ardent for peace."
FERDY: Pet form of English Ferdinand, meaning "ardent for peace."
FERGAL: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Fearghal, meaning "man of valor."
FERGIE: Pet form of English Fergus, meaning "strong-man."
FERGUS: Irish and Scottish Anglicized form of Gaelic Fearghus, meaning "strong-man." In Irish mythology, this was the name an Ulster hero.
FESTER: Low German pet form of Latin Silvester, meaning "from the forest."
FESTUS: Roman Latin name derived from the word festus, meaning "festival." In the bible, this is the name of the successor of Felix, the procurator of Judea who refused to bow to the pressure of the Jews who wanted him to condemn St. Paul to death for preaching. He is also known by the name Porcius.
FIDO: Latin name meaning "I trust." Once a popular name for dogs. 
FILANDER: Variant spelling of English Philander, meaning "with love for people."
FILBERT: English form of Latin Filbertus, meaning "very bright."
FILLIN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Faolán, meaning "little wolf."
FINBAR: Irish Anglicized form of Gaelic Fionnbarr, meaning "fair-headed."
FINDLAY: Variant spelling of English Finley, meaning "white champion." 
FINGAL: Scottish Anglicized form of Gaelic Fionnghall, meaning "white valor."
FINGALL: Variant spelling of English Fingal, meaning "white valor."
FINIAN: Variant spelling of English Finnian, meaning "little white one."
FINLAY: Variant spelling of English Finley, meaning "white champion."
FINLEY: Scottish Anglicized form of Gaelic Fionnlagh, meaning "white champion."
FINBARR: Variant spelling of English Finbar, meaning "fair-headed."
FINNBAR: Irish Anglicized form of Gaelic Fionnbarr, meaning "fair-headed."
FINNEGAN: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Fionnagáin "descendant of Fionnagán," hence "tiny little white one."
FINNIAN: Irish Anglicized form of Gaelic Finnén, meaning "little white one."
FINTAN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Fiontan, meaning "white fire."
FLANNERY: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Flannabhra "descendant of Flannabhra," hence "red eyebrows."
FLETCHER: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, from Old French flechier (from Germanic fleche "arrow"), meaning "maker of arrows."
FLINT: English name derived from the Old English/Low German word, flint, meaning "stone splinter," originally used as a byname for someone "hard and tough as flint." Compare with another form of Flint.
FLORENCE: Compare with feminine Florence.
Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Flaithrí, meaning "prince-king."
English and French form of Latin Florentius, meaning "blossoming."
FLORRY: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Flaithrí, meaning "prince-king." Compare with feminine Florry.
FLURRY: English unisex name derived from the vocabulary word meaning "snow squall."
FLYNN: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Floinn, meaning "descendant of Flann," hence "red, ruddy."
FOLEY: Irish surname transferred to forename use, derived from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Foghladha "descendant of Foghlaidh," hence "pirate, plunderer." 
FONZ: Short form of English Alfonzo, meaning "noble and ready."
FONZIE: Pet form of English Alfonzo, meaning "noble and ready."
FORD: English surname transferred to forename use, from the Old English word ford, meaning "ford, river crossing."
FOREST: Variant spelling of English Forrest, meaning "lives in or by an enclosed wood."
FORREST: English surname transferred to forename use, meaning "lives in or by an enclosed wood."
FOSTER: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, which could have derived from any of the following: 1) Middle English foster, meaning "foster-parent," 2) forster, meaning "forester," 3) forster, meaning "shearer," or 4) fuyster, meaning "saddle-tree maker."
FOWKE: Variant form of English Fulke, meaning "people, tribe."
FOX: From an Old English byname, meaning "fox."
FRANCE: Short form of English Francis, meaning "French."
FRANCIS: English name derived from Latin Franciscus, meaning "French." This name is sometimes mistakenly given to girls instead of the identically pronounced feminine form, Frances.
FRANK: English name originally derived from the name of a Germanic tribe called the Franks, meaning "French." It is also used as a short form of Franklin "freeman" and Francis "French." 
FRANKIE: Unisex pet form of English Frances and Francis, both meaning "French."
FRANKLIN: English surname transferred to forename use, from the Middle English word frankeleyn, meaning "freeman." 
FRANKLYN: Variant spelling of English Franklin, meaning "freeman."
FRASER: French surname transferred to forename use, of Norman origin, but the derivation has been lost due to corruption of form by association with the French word fraise, meaning "strawberry." In English and Scottish use.
FRAZER: English variant spelling of French Fraser, meaning "strawberry."
FRAZIER: Variant spelling of English Frazer, meaning "strawberry."
FRED: Short form of English Frederick, meaning "peaceful ruler."
FREDDIE: Unisex pet form of English Frederick and Latin Frederica, both meaning "peaceful ruler."
FREDDY: Pet form of English Frederick, meaning "peaceful ruler."
FREDERICK: 
English form of French Frédéric, meaning "peaceful ruler."
Irish Anglicized form of Gaelic Feardorcha, meaning "dark man."
FREDRIC: Variant spelling of English Frederick, meaning "peaceful ruler."
FREDRICK: Variant spelling of English Frederick, meaning "peaceful ruler."
FREDRIK: Variant spelling of English Frederick, meaning "peaceful ruler." Compare with another form of Fredrik.
FREEMAN: English surname transferred to forename use, meaning "freeman."
FULK: Modern form of Medieval English Fulke, meaning "people, tribe."
FULKE: Medieval English form of Old Norse Folki, meaning "people, tribe."
GABBY: Pet form of English Gabriel, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
GABE: Pet form of English Gabriel, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
GABLE: English surname transferred to forename use, possibly originally a habitational name derived from a place named from Old Norse gafl, meaning "gable," a term used to denote a "triangular-shaped hill." 
GABRIEL: Anglicized form of Greek Gabriēl (Hebrew Gabriyel), meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God." This is the name of one of the seven archangels of religious lore. In the bible, he is known as the messenger angel, he is one of the two highest-ranking angels, and apart from Michael is the only other angel given a name in the Old Testament where he is first mentioned in the Book of Daniel. He is the angel who announced the births of John the Baptist and Jesus. He is said to watch over Iran (Persia), and in Ezekiel's vision of the cherubim (the four sacred animals), the face of the eagle corresponds to him. In ancient astrology, he corresponds to the sign of Taurus and rules over the moon. 
GADDIEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Gaddiyel, meaning "God is my fortune." In the bible, this is the name of one of the twelve scouts sent by Moses to explore the Promised Land.
GADIEL: Variant spelling of English Gaddiel, meaning "God is my fortune." 
GAGE: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, from the Middle English word gage ("pledge, surety" against money lent), hence "moneylender."
GAIGE: Variant spelling English Gage, meaning "moneylender."
GAIL: Variant spelling of English Gale, meaning "calm, tranquil."
GAIR: Variant spelling of English Gare, meaning "spear."
GALAHAD: English Arthurian legend name of a Knight of the Round Table, known as "the Knight Valiant." He was the illegitimate son of Lancelot and Elaine of Carbonek, renowned for his gallantry and purity, as well as being one of the three achievers of the Holy Grail. The name was invented by the author of La Queste del Saint Graal and was probably derived from Gilead, the Anglicized form of Hebrew Gilad, meaning "hard, stony region."
GALE: English unisex name derived from the vocabulary word gale, meaning "sea storm." Compare with strictly feminine Gale.
GALEN: English name derived from Roman Galenus, meaning "calm, seas." Compare with another form of Galen.
GALILEE: Anglicized form of Hebrew Galiyl, meaning "rolling, turning" or "circuit, region, ring." In the bible, this is the name of a circuit or ring (Galilee) of the Gentiles. Not used as a personal name.
GALLAGHER: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Gallchobhair "descendant of Gallchobhar," hence "foreign help."
GAMALIEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Gamliyel, meaning "God is my reward." 
GAMLIEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Gamliyel, meaning "God is my reward."
GARE: Short form of English Gary, meaning "spear."
GARETH: Welsh name, perhaps derived from Celtic Gahareet, meaning "old." In Arthurian legend, this is the name of a Knight of the Round Table, the son of Lot and Morgause, therefore Arthur's nephew. A very popular name in Wales. In use by the English.
GAREY: Variant spelling of English Gary, meaning "spear."
GARFIELD: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements gara "triangular" (a derivative of gar "spear") and feld "open country," hence "lives by a triangular field."
GARLAND: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements gara "triangular" (a derivative of gar "spear") and land "estate, cultivated land," hence "from the triangular estate." Compare with another form of Garland.
GARNET: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, meaning "garnet (the gem)," derived from a Middle English altered form of Old French (pome) grenate, "fruit full of seeds," the same source from which came the name of the precious stone. 
GARNETT: Masculine variant spelling of English unisex Garnet, meaning "garnet (the gem)."
GARRET: Variant spelling of English Garrett, meaning "spear ruler."
GARRETT: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Georóid, meaning "spear ruler."
GARRICK: English topographic surname transferred to forename use, from the American spelling of the French surname Garrigue, from Old Provençal garrique, meaning "grove of holm oaks." Compare with another form of Garrick.
GARTH: English surname transferred to forename use, from Old Norse garðr ("enclosure"), denoting someone who "lives beside an enclosure." Compare with another form of Garth.
GARVAN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Garbhán, meaning "little rough one."
GARY: English surname transferred to forename use, originally a short form of Germanic names containing the element gar, meaning "spear." 
GAWAIN: Middle English name probably derived from Welsh Gwalchgwyn "white hawk" or Gwalchmei "May hawk." In Arthurian legend, this is the name of a Knight of the Round Table. He was the eldest son of Morgause and King Lot of Orkney, cousin to Sir Ywain, and nephew to Arthur. He was brother to Agravain, Gaheris, Gareth, and Mordred, the father of Florence, Gingalain, and Lovell. He is noted for his fierce loyalty to his king, for being a defender of the poor, and for being a ladies' man. He is also called Gwalltafwyn, meaning "hair like rain." 
GAY: Short form of English names beginning with Gay-, such as Gabriel "man of God" or "warrior of God," and Gaylord, meaning "dandy." Compare with feminine Gay.
GAYELORD: Variant spelling of English Gaylord, meaning "dandy."
GAYLON: Variant spelling of English Galen, meaning "calm, tranquil."
GAYLORD: English surname transferred to forename use, from a respelling of the Old French byname Gaillard, meaning "dandy." 
GAYNOR: Irish Anglicized form of Gaelic Fionnbarr, meaning "fair-headed." Compare with feminine Gaynor.
GEARALT: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Gearóid, "spear ruler."
GED: Pet form of English Gerard, meaning "spear strong."
GEDALIA: Variant spelling of English Gedaliah, meaning "God is great."
GEDALIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Gedalyah, meaning "God is great." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including the governor of Judah appointed by Nebuchadnezzar.
GEFFREY: Contracted form of English Geoffrey, possibly meaning "God's peace." 
GEMARIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Gemaryah, meaning "God has accomplished." In the bible, this is the name of the son of Hilkiah who bore Jeremiah's letter to the captive Jews. 
GEMINI: From Latin geminus meaning "twin." In Astrology, it is a zodiac sign. In Astronomy, it is the name of a constellation. In Roman mythology, Castor and Pollux are the Gemini twins, the sons of Leda, brothers to Helen of Troy and Clytemnestra. In Greek they are called the Dioskouroi.
GENE: Short form of English Eugene, meaning "well born."
GEOFF: Short form of English Geoffrey, possibly meaning "God's peace." 
GEOFFREY: English form of French Geoffroi, possibly meaning "God's peace." 
GEORDIE: Byname for a person from the Tyneside region of England, derived from an Old English diminutive form of George, meaning "earth-worker, farmer."
GEORGE: English form of French Georges, meaning "earth-worker, farmer."
GEORGIE: Unisex pet form of English George and Georgia, meaning "earth-worker, farmer." 
GERALD: English form of French Gérald, meaning "spear ruler."
GERARD: English form of French Gérard, meaning "spear strong."
GERRARD: Variant spelling of English Gerard, meaning "spear strong."
GERRY: Unisex pet form of English Gerald and Geraldine, meaning "spear ruler." Also used as a pet form of other names beginning with Ger-, meaning "spear."
GERSHOM: Anglicized form of Hebrew Gereshom, meaning "exile, expulsion." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a son of Moses.
GERSHON: Anglicized form of Hebrew Gereshown, meaning "exile, expulsion." In the bible, this is the name of the first son of Levi. 
GERVASE: Middle English form of Norman French Gervaise, meaning "spear servant."
GIB: Medieval pet form of English Gilbert, meaning "pledge-bright."
GID: Short form of English Gideon, meaning "cutter down; hewer," i.e. "mighty warrior."
GIDEON: Anglicized form of Hebrew Gidown, meaning "cutter down; hewer," i.e. "mighty warrior." In the bible, this is the name of the warrior who defeated the Midianites.
GIFARD: Variant spelling of English Giffard, meaning "chubby-cheeked."
GIFFARD: From the Middle English byname giffard, meaning "chubby-cheeked." 
GIL: Short form of English Gilbert, meaning "pledge-bright" and other names beginning with Gil-. Compare with other forms of Gil.
GILBERT: English form of Old French Gilebert, meaning "pledge-bright." 
GILEAD: Anglicized form of Hebrew Gilad, meaning "hard, stony region." In the bible, this is the name of region east of the Jordan River. It is also the name of several characters, including a grandson of Manasseh.
GILES: English form of French Gilles, meaning "shield of goatskin." This was the name of an 8th century saint of cripples.
GILFORD: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from a variant of the surname Guilford, composed of Old English gylde "golden" and ford "ford," hence "golden river crossing."
GILL: Variant spelling of English Gil, meaning "pledge-bright."
GILLESPIE: Scottish Anglicized form of Gaelic Gilleasbaig, meaning "bishop's servant." 
GILROY: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Mac Giolla Ruaidh, "son of the Ruadh," hence "red."
GLADWIN: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from Middle English Gladwyn, meaning "bright friend."
GLADWYN: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Glædwine, meaning "bright friend."
GLANVILLE: Old English surname transferred to forename use, meaning "clean field; clear open country."
GLEN: Scottish name derived from the word gleann, meaning "valley."
GLENDOWER: Anglicized form of Welsh Glyndwr, meaning "valley water."
GLENN: Variant spelling of Scottish Glen, meaning "valley."
GODDARD: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Godheard, meaning "god-strong." Compare with another form of Goddard.
GODFREY: English form of Norman French Godefrey, meaning "God's peace."
GOG: Anglicized form of Hebrew Gowg, meaning "mountain." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Shemaiah and the name of the prophetic prince of the land of Magog. In British legend, God and Magog are the names of two giant guardians of London. Geoffrey of Monmouth states that Gogmagog was one giant who was slain by the Cornish hero Corin.
GOLDA: Old English name meaning "gold." Compare with feminine Golda.
GOLIATH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Golyath, meaning "exile." In the bible, this is the name of a Philistine giant slain by David. A shard of pottery unearthed by archaeologists digging at Tell es-Safi, bears two Proto-Semitic names (alwt and wlt) which are etymologically similar to Hebrew Galyat/Golyat/Golyath. The shard dates to around 950 BC, very close to the time when the bible says Goliath lived. 
GOMER: English surname transferred to forename use, from a contracted form of Anglo-Saxon Godmær, meaning "good fame." Compare with another form of Gomer.
GOODWIN: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from Old English Godwin, meaning "God's friend."
GORD: Short form of English Gordon, meaning "spacious fort."
GORDEN: Variant spelling of English Gordon, meaning "spacious fort."
GORDON: Scottish surname transferred to forename use, from the name of a place in Berwickshire composed of the Welsh elements gor "spacious" and din "fort," hence "spacious fort." 
GRADY: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Gráda "descendant of Gráda," hence "noble."
GRAHAM: Scottish name derived from the surname Grantham, from a place name composed of the Old English elements grand "gravel" and ham "home," hence "gravel home."
GRANVILLE: English surname transferred to forename use, from a Norman baronial name composed of the elements grand "large" and ville "settlement," hence "large settlement."
GRAY: English surname transferred to forename use, from a byname for someone having gray hair or a beard, from Old English græg, meaning "grey."
GREER: Scottish surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from a contracted form of Gregor, meaning "watchful; vigilant." 
GREG: Short form of English Gregory, and Scottish Gregor, both meaning "watchful; vigilant."
GREGG: Short form of English Gregory, and Scottish Gregor, meaning "watchful; vigilant."
GREGORY: English form of French Provençal Grégory, meaning "watchful; vigilant."
GRENVILLE: Variant spelling of English Granville, meaning "large settlement."
GREY: Variant spelling of English Gray, meaning "grey."
GRIER: Masculine variant spelling of English unisex Greer, meaning "watchful; vigilant."
GRIFFIN: Compare with another form of Griffin.
Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Gríobhtha, meaning "griffin."
English name derived from Middle English griffin, meaning "griffin."
GRIFFITH: Anglicized form of Welsh Gruffudd, meaning "(?) chief/lord." 
GROVER: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from Old English graf "grove," hence "lives in a grove."
GUS: English short form of Latin Augustus, meaning "venerable."
GUY: Variant form of Norman French Gy, a derivative of Latin Wido, meaning "wide." This name was popular until 1605 when Guy Fawkes tried to blow up Parliament after which it acquired the negative connotation "grotesque man." In Arthurian legend, this is the name of a son of Bevis of Hamptoun. In use by the English.
GYLES: Variant spelling of English Giles, meaning "shield of goatskin."
HABAKKUK: Anglicized form of Hebrew Chabaqquwq, meaning "embrace." In the bible, this is the name of a prophet. 
HADAD: Compare with other forms of Hadad.
Anglicized form of Hebrew Adad, meaning "I shall move softly: I shall love." In the bible, this is the name of an Edomite enemy God raised up to punish Solomon for his sins.
Anglicized form of Hebrew Chadad, meaning "mighty" or "sharpness." In the bible, this is the name of one of the twelve sons of Ishmael.
HADLEY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, composed of the Old English elements hæð "heathland, heather, wasteland" and leah "clearing, field, meadow" hence "heather meadow."
HADWIN: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements hadu "strife, war" and win(e) "friend," hence "war-friend."
HAGAI: Variant spelling of English Haggai, meaning "festive."
HAGGAI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Chaggai, meaning "festive." In the Old Testament bible, this is the name of one of the minor prophets.
HAGGI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Chaggiy, meaning "festive." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Gad. 
HAIG: Middle English name meaning "to cut, to chop." Compare with another form of Haig.
HAL: Pet form of English Henry, meaning "home-ruler."
HALE: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from Old English halh "nook, recess," hence "lives in a nook."
HALL: 
English surname transferred to forename use, derived from Old English heall "hall," hence "lives at the hall."
Middle English name meaning "to cover, conceal."
HAM: Anglicized form of Hebrew Cham, meaning "blackness" or "heat." In the bible, this is the name of Noah's second son. 
HAMILTON: Scottish surname transferred to English forename use, composed of the Old English elements hamel "blunt, crooked, flat-topped" and dun "hill," hence "flat-topped hill."
HAMISH: Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Seumas, meaning "supplanter."
HAMLET: Middle English form of Old French Hamelet, meaning "tiny little village." 
HAMMOND: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from Norman French Hamon, meaning "home." 
HAMUEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Chammuw'el, meaning "heat of God." In the bible, this is the name of a man of Simeon. Also, according to pseudo-Dionysius, this is the name of an archangel. 
HANAEL: Variant spelling of English Haniel, meaning "favored of God."
HANAN: Anglicized form of Hebrew Chanan, meaning "compassionate, merciful." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including a chief of the tribe of Benjamin. Compare with feminine Hanan.
HANANI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Chananiy, meaning "gracious" or "favorable." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a brother of Nehemiah.
HANANIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Chananyah, meaning "whom Jehovah has graciously given." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including a friend of Daniel, a general, a priest, and an officer who lived during the reign of King Uzziah.
HANIEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Channiy'el, meaning "favored of God." In the bible, this is the name of a leader of the tribe of Asher. In Jewish lore, this is also the name of angel associated with the planet Venus.
HANK: Pet form of English Henry, meaning "home-ruler."
HANLEY: Irish surname transferred to forename use, derived from O'Hanley, an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó hÁinle, meaning "descendant of Áinle," hence "champion."
HANNIEL: Variant spelling of English Haniel, meaning "favored of God." In the bible, this is the name of a leader of the tribe of Asher. In Jewish lore, this is also the name of angel associated with the planet Venus.
HANOCH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Chanowk, meaning "dedicated" or "initiated." In the bible, this is the name of the eldest son of Cain, and a son of Jared the father of Methuselah.
HAPPY: English unisex name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "happy." Compare with Gay and Merry.
HARCOURT: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements heafocere "falconer, hawker" and cot "hut," hence "from the falconer's/hawker's hut."
HARDING: English surname transferred to forename use, from a form of the Old English surname Hearding, from heard, meaning "brave, hardy, strong."
HARDY: Pet name for longer English names containing Hard- or Hart-, meaning "brave, hardy, strong." 
HARLAN: English surname transferred to forename use, from the name of various places composed of the Old English elements hara "hare" and land "land," hence "hare's land."
HARLAND: 
English name derived from a Norman French byname for someone given to stirring up trouble, from the word hareler, meaning "to create a disturbance," hence "trouble-maker."
Variant spelling of English Harlan, meaning "hare's land." 
HARLEY: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements hær "rock" and leah "meadow, pasture," hence "rocky meadow." 
HARLIN: English surname transferred to forename use, from the Norman French personal name Herluin, meaning "noble friend" or "noble warrior."
HARMON: English surname transferred to forename use, from the German personal name Harman, meaning "bold/hardy man."
HAROLD: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Hereweald, meaning "army ruler."
HARPER: English occupational surname transferred to unisex forename use, meaning "harp player."
HARRI: Variant spelling of English Harry, meaning "home-ruler." Compare with other forms of Harri.
HARRIE: Variant spelling of English Harry, meaning "home-ruler."
HARRIS: From the English surname Harrison, meaning "son of Harry." 
HARRISON: English surname transferred to forename use, meaning "son of Harry."
HARRY: Medieval diminutive form of English Henry, meaning "home-ruler."
HARTLEY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, composed of the Old English elements heorot "hart, male deer" and leah "meadow, pasture," hence "deer meadow."
HARVE: Short form of English Harvey, meaning "battle worthy."
HARVEY: English surname transferred to forename use, from Old French Hervé, from Breton Haerveu, meaning "battle worthy."
HARVIE: Variant spelling of English Harvey, meaning "battle worthy."
HASHUB: Anglicized form of Hebrew Chashshuwb, meaning "considerate." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a son of Pahath-moab.
HASSHUB: Anglicized form of Hebrew Chashshuwb, meaning "considerate." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a son of Pahath-moab.
HAVEN: English unisex name derived from Middle English haven (Old English hæfen), meaning "haven, refuge."
HAVELOCK: English surname transferred to forename use, meaning, "sea war."
HAVILAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Chaviylah, meaning "circle." In the bible, this is the name of a part of Eden through which the river Pison flowed, and the name of a son of Cush after whom a district in Arabia was named. 
HAWARD: Anglicized form of Danish/Norwegian Håvard, meaning "high guard." This is an older form of modern English Howard.
HAYDEN: English unisex name composed of the Old English elements heg "hay" and denu "valley," hence "hay valley."
HAYWOOD: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements (ge)haeg "enclosure" and wudu "wood," hence "enclosed wood."
HAZAEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Chaza'el, meaning "one who sees God." In the bible, this is the name of a king of Syria.
HEADLEY: Variant spelling of English Hedley, meaning "heather field."
HEATH: English surname transferred to forename use, meaning "heath."
HEATHCLIFF: Middle English name meaning "a heath near a cliff."
HEBER: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Éibhear, meaning "bow warrior." Compare with another form of Heber.
HEBRON: Anglicized form of Hebrew Ebron, meaning "alliance, association." In the bible, this is the name of a city in south Judah near where Abraham built an altar. It is also the name of the third son of Kohath and a descendant of Caleb. 
HECK: English short form of Latin Hector, meaning "defend; hold fast."
HECTOR: Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Eachann, meaning "brown horse." Compare with another form of Hector.
HEDLEY: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements hæð "heather" and leah "clearing, field," hence "heather field" or "heather meadow."
HENGIST: Old English name meaning "stallion." In English legend, this is the name of the brother of Horsa, and ruler of Kent. In Arthurian legend, he was killed by Uther Pendragon. 
HENRIE: Variant spelling of English Henry, meaning "home-ruler."
HENRY: English form of French Henri, meaning "home-ruler."
HENRYE: Variant spelling of English Henry, meaning "home-ruler."
HERB: English short form of German Herbert, meaning "bright army."
HERBIE: English pet form of German Herbert, meaning "bright army."
HERK: English short form of Latin Hercules, meaning "glory of Hera."
HERMAN: English name derived from Latin Hermanus, meaning "army man." Compare with another form of Herman.
HERON: English bird name meaning simply "heron bird."
HERVEY: Variant spelling of English Harvey, meaning "battle worthy."
HEWIE: Variant spelling of English Hughie, meaning "heart," "mind," or "spirit." 
HEZEKIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Chizqiyah, meaning "God is my strength." In the bible, this is the name of a king of Judah and several other characters.
HEZRON: Anglicized form of Hebrew Chetsrown, meaning "enclosed; surrounded by a wall." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Reuben.
HIEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Chiy'el, meaning "God lives." In the bible, this is the name of one of the rebuilders of Jericho.
HILARY: English unisex form of Latin Hilarius and Hilaria, meaning "joyful; happy." Originally, this was strictly a masculine name.
HILKIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Chilqiyah, meaning "my portion is God." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including the father of Eliakim, and a High Priest who lived in the time of King Josiah.
HILLARY: Variant spelling of English unisex Hilary, meaning "joyful; happy."
HIRAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Chiyrah, meaning "a noble race; nobility." In the bible, this is the name of a friend of Judah.
HIRAM: Anglicized form of Hebrew Chiyram, meaning "free-born; noble." In the bible, this is the name of a king of Tyre and the name of the chief architect of Solomon's temple.
HIZKIAH: Variant spelling of English Hezekiah, meaning "God is my strength." 
HIZKIJAH: Variant spelling of English Hezekiah, meaning "God is my strength." 
HODGE: Middle English pet form of Anglo-Saxon Hroðgar, meaning "famous spear." 
HOLDEN: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements hol "deep, hollow, sunken" and denu "valley," hence "deep valley."
HOLLIS: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, from Old English holegn "holly" denoting someone who "lives near holly trees."
HOPKIN: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from a diminutive form of Old English Hob, hence "little Hob."
HORACE: English and French form of Roman Latin Horatius, meaning "has good eyesight."
HORATIO: English name derived from Roman Latin Horatius, meaning "has good eyesight."
HORSA: Old English name meaning "horse." In English legend, this is the name of a warrior and brother of Hengist.
HOSEA: Anglicized form of Hebrew Howshea, meaning "salvation." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including the author of the Book of Hosea.
HOSHEA: Anglicized form of Hebrew Howshea, meaning "salvation." 
HOWARD: English surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form (Haward) of Danish/Norwegian Håvard, meaning "high guard."
HOWEL: Variant spelling of English Howell, meaning "eminent, conspicuous."
HOWELL: Anglicized form of Welsh Hywel, meaning "eminent, conspicuous."
HOWIE: Pet form of English Howard, meaning "high guard."
HOYT: English byname for a tall, skinny person, turned surname turned forename, from Middle English hoit, meaning "long stick."
HUCC: Old English name derived from the element hux, meaning "insult, taunt." Possibly a byname before becoming a personal name.
HUDD: Variant spelling of English Hudde, meaning "heart," "mind," or "spirit."
HUDDE: Medieval pet form of English Hugh, meaning "heart," "mind," or "spirit."
HUDSON: English surname transferred to forename use, meaning "son of Hudde."
HUE: Variant spelling of English Hugh, meaning "heart," "mind," or "spirit."
HUEY: Variant spelling of English Hughie, meaning "heart," "mind," or "spirit."
HUET: Medieval diminutive form of English Hue ("heart," "mind," or "spirit"), hence "little heart/mind/spirit."
HUFFIE: Pet form of English Humphrey, meaning "peaceful giant."
HUGH: English form of Old French Hugues, meaning "heart," "mind," or "spirit."
HUGHE: Variant spelling of English Hugh, meaning "heart," "mind," or "spirit."
HUGHIE: Pet form of English Hugh, meaning "heart," "mind," or "spirit."
HUGO: Latin form of Old French Hugon, meaning "heart," "mind," or "spirit."
HUM: Short form of English Humbert, possibly meaning "bright support." 
HUMBERT: English form of Norman Germanic Huncberct, possibly meaning "bright support." 
HUMPHREY: English name derived from Norman Germanic Hunfrid, meaning "giant peace." 
HUMPHRY: Variant spelling of English Humphrey, meaning "giant peace." 
HUNTER: English occupational surname transferred to unisex forename use, meaning "hunter."
HUNTLEY: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements hunta "hunter" and leah "clearing, wood," hence "hunter's wood."
HUXLEY: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English personal name Hucc and the word leah "clearing, wood," hence "Hucc's clearing/wood."
HYRAM: Variant spelling of English Hiram, meaning "free-born; noble."
IBRI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Ibriy, meaning "Hebrew."
ICHABOD: Anglicized form of Hebrew Iy-kabowd, meaning "inglorious; without glory." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Phinehas.
IGNATIUS: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Eighneachan, possibly meaning "man of force." Compare with another form of Ignatius.
IKE: Pet form of English Isaac, meaning "he will laugh."
IMANUEL: Variant spelling of English Immanuel, meaning "God is with us."
IMLA: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yimla, meaning "whom God will fill up." In the bible, this is the name of the father of Micaiah. 
IMLAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yimla, meaning "whom God will fill up." In the bible, this is the name of the father of Micaiah. 
IMMANUEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Immanuw'el, meaning "God is with us." In the bible, this is the name of the promised Messiah as prophesied by Isaiah. This form is also used in Germany.
IMRI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Imriy, meaning "eloquent." In the bible, this is the name of a member of the tribe of Judah.
INDIANA: English unisex name derived from the American state name, meaning "land of the Indians."
INDIGO: English unisex name, derived from vocabulary word indigo, from Greek indikon, meaning "blue dye from India." 
INDY: Pet form of English unisex Indiana, meaning "land of the Indians."
INGRAM: English surname transferred to forename use, from a contracted form of Norman Germanic Engelram, meaning "Ing's raven." Compare with another form of Ingram.
INNES: Scottish Anglicized unisex form of Gaelic Aonghas, meaning "excellent valor." 
INNOCENT: English name derived from Latin Innocentius, meaning "harmless, innocent."
IRA: Anglicized form of Hebrew Iyra, meaning "watchful of a town." In the bible, this is the name of one king David's officers and two of his warriors.
IRVIN: Variant spelling of English Irvine, meaning "fresh water" or "green water."
IRVINE: Scottish surname transferred to English forename use, from the Celtic name of a river, composed of the Welsh elements ir/yr "fresh, green" and afon "water," hence "fresh water" or "green water."
IRVING: Scottish surname transferred to English forename use, composed of the Welsh elements ir/yr "fresh, green" and afon "water," hence "fresh water" or "green water."
IRWIN: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Eoforwine, meaning "boar friend."
ISA: Short form of English Isaac, meaning "he will laugh." Compare with another form of Isa.
ISAAC: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yitzchak (Greek Isaák), meaning "he will laugh." In the bible, this is the name of the son of Abraham and father of Esau and Jacob.
ISADOR: Variant spelling of English Isidore, meaning "gift of Isis."
ISADORE: Variant spelling of English Isidore, meaning "gift of Isis."
ISAIAH: Anglicized form of Latin Isaias (Hebrew Yeshayah), meaning "God is salvation." In the bible, this is the name of one of the most famous prophets. Also spelled Jesaiah and Jeshaiah.
ISHMAEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yishmael, meaning "God will hear." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including a son of Abraham.
ISHMERAI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yishmeray, meaning "whom Jehovah keeps." In the bible, this is the name of a Benjamite.
ISIAH: Variant spelling of English Isaiah, meaning "God is salvation."
ISIDORE: Anglicized form of Latin Isidorus, meaning "gift of Isis."
ISRAEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yisrael, meaning "God prevails" or "contender; soldier of God." In the bible, this is the name given to Jacob after wrestling with the angel.
ISSAC: Variant spelling of English Isaac, meaning "he will laugh."
ISSACHAR: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yissaskar, meaning "he is wages" or "he brings wages." In the bible, this is the name of a Korahite and the name of the ninth son of Jacob.
ITAI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Ittay, meaning "neighboring" or " with me." In the bible, this is the name of a Gittate and the name of one of King David's warriors.
ITAMAR: Variant spelling of English Ithamar, meaning "land of palms." 
ITHAI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Ittay, meaning "neighboring" or " with me." In the bible, this is the name of a Gittate and the name of one of King David's warriors.
ITHAMAR: Anglicized form of Hebrew Iythamar, meaning "land of palms." In the bible, this is the name of the youngest son of Aaron. 
ITHIEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Iythiyel, meaning "God is with me." In the bible, this is the name of a Benjamite and a disciple.
ITIEL: Variant spelling of English Ithiel, meaning "God is with me." In the bible, this is the name of a Benjamite and a disciple.
IVAN (Иван): Russian form of Greek Ioannes, meaning "God is gracious." In use by the English, Czechs and Ukrainians.
IVO: Variant spelling of German Yvo, meaning "yew tree." Used infrequently by the English.
IZZY: Pet form of English Isidore, meaning "gift of Isis." Compare with feminine Izzy. 
JAANAI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yaanay, meaning "whom Jehovah answers." In the bible, this is the name of a man in the tribe of Gad.
JAASAU: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yaasuw, meaning "they will do" or "Jehovah made." In the bible, this is the name of a descendant of Bani.
JABEZ: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yabets, meaning "pain, sorrow." In the bible, this is the name of a member of Caleb's family.
JABIN: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yabiyn, meaning "whom God observes." In the bible, this is the name of two kings of the Hazor.
JACHIN: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yakiyn, meaning "he establishes" or "whom God strengthens." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a son of Simeon.
JACK: Probably originally an Anglicized form of French Jacques, meaning "supplanter," it is now considered a pet form of English John, meaning "God is gracious."
JACKIE: Pet form of English Jack, meaning "supplanter" or "God is gracious." Compare with feminine Jackie. 
JACKSON: English patronymic surname transferred to forename use, meaning "son of Jack."
JACOB: Anglicized form of Greek Iakob and Hebrew Yaaqob, meaning "supplanter." In the Old Testament bible, this is the name of a son of Isaac and Rebecca, and the twin brother of Esau. In the New Testament, it is the name of Mary's father-in-law. 
JADA: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yada, meaning "he knows" or "wise." In the bible, this is the name of a member of the tribe of Judah.
JADE: English unisex name derived from the name of the precious stone, meaning "jade."
JADEN: Elaborated form of English unisex Jade, meaning "jade."
JADON: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yadown, meaning "judge," "thankful," or "whom God has judged." In the bible, this is the name of a man who helped Nehemiah rebuild the walls of Jerusalem.
JADYN: Variant spelling of English unisex Jaden, meaning "jade."
JAE: Variant spelling of English Jay, a short form of name beginning with the letter "J." 
JAFET: Variant spelling of English Japheth, meaning "opened" or "abundant, spacious."
JAHLEEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yachleel, meaning "God waits" or "whom God has made sick." In the bible, this is the name of a member of the tribe of Zebulun.
JAHZEEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yachtse'el, meaning "whom God allots." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Naphtali.
JAI: Variant spelling of English Jay, a short form of longer names beginning with "J." 
JAIDEN: Variant spelling of English unisex Jaden, meaning "jade."
JAIMIE: Variant spelling of English/Scottish Jamie, meaning "supplanter." Compare with feminine Jaimie.
JAIR: 
Anglicized form of Hebrew Yaiyr, meaning "whom God enlightens." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a descendant of Manasseh. 
Anglicized form of Hebrew Yauwr, meaning "forested." In the bible, this is the name of the father of Elhanan.
JAIRUS: Anglicized form of Greek Iaïros, meaning "whom God enlightens." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a descendant of Manasseh. 
JAKE: 
Middle English variant form of English Jack "God is gracious." 
Short form of English Jacob, meaning "supplanter."
JALEN: Variant spelling of English Jalon, meaning "God lodges" or "passing the night; tarrying."
JALON: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yalown, meaning "God lodges" or "passing the night; tarrying." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Ezra and a descendent of Caleb.
JAMAAR: Variant spelling of English Jamar, probably meaning either "to change" or "happy and healthy." 
JAMAR: Modern American English name of uncertain origin. It may be from Hebrew Yamir, meaning "to change," or it may be a contracted form of the French surname Jamard, from German Gamhard, meaning "happy and healthy." 
JAMES: Middle English and Old French vernacular form of Late Latin Jacomus, from Greek Iakobos, meaning "supplanter." In the New Testament bible, this is the name of several characters, including two apostles and a half-brother of Jesus.
JAMEY: Variant spelling of English/Scottish Jamie, meaning "supplanter."
JAMIE: English and Scottish pet form of James, meaning "supplanter." Compare with feminine Jamie.
JAMIESON: English and Scottish patronymic surname transferred to forename use, meaning "son of Jamie."
JAMIN: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yamiyn, meaning "the right hand," "the right side," or "the right quarter." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a son of Simeon.
JAMISON: Variant spelling of English/Scottish Jamieson, meaning "son of Jamie."
JAN: Middle English form of English John, meaning "God is gracious." Compare with other forms of Jan.
JANKIN: Diminutive form of Middle English Jan, meaning "God is gracious."
JAPETH: Variant spelling of English Japheth, meaning "opened" or "abundant, spacious."
JAPHET: Variant spelling of English Japheth, meaning "opened" or "abundant, spacious."
JAPHETH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yepheth, meaning "opened" or "abundant, spacious." In the bible, this is the name of the third son of Noah.
JAREB: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yareb, meaning "contender." In the bible, this is an epithet given to the king of Assyria.
JARED: Anglicized form of Greek Iaret (Hebrew Yered), meaning "descent." In the bible, this is the name of the father of Enoch and a descendant of Judah. Also spelled Jered.
JARETH: Probably a modern variant spelling of English Jared, meaning "descent."
JARLATH: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Iarfhlaith, meaning "lord of the west."
JAROD: Variant spelling of English Jared, meaning "descent."
JARON: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yaron, meaning "to shout and sing."
JARRED: Variant spelling of English Jared, meaning "descent."
JARRETT: Variant spelling of English Garrett, meaning "spear strong."
JARROD: Variant spelling of English Jared, meaning "descent."
JARVIS: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from Middle English Gervase, meaning "spear servant."
JASHUB: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yashuwb, meaning "he will return" or "turning oneself." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Bani and a son of Issachar.
JASON: Latin form of Greek Iason, meaning "to heal." In mythology, this is the name of a son of Æson and leader of the Argonauts.
JASPER: English form of Spanish Gaspar, meaning "treasure bearer." Early Christians assigned names to the three Magi ("wise men from the east") who visited the baby Jesus. They are mentioned but not named in the bible; Jasper is one of them, the other two are Balthasar and Melchior. Jasper is also the name of an opaque cryptocrystalline variety of quartz that may be red, yellow or brown in color. Also spelled Casper and Kasper.
JAVAN: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yavan, meaning "Ionia, Greece." In the bible, this is a place name and the name of a grandson of Noah.
JAXON: Modern spelling of English Jackson, meaning "son of Jack."
JAY: English short form of names beginning with the letter "J." May also be given as a bird name. Compare with another form of Jay.
JAYCOB: Variant spelling of English Jacob, meaning "supplanter."
JAYDEN: Variant spelling of English unisex Jaden, meaning "jade."
JAYDON: Variant spelling of English unisex Jaden, meaning "jade."
JAYE: Variant spelling of English Jay, a short form of names beginning with the letter "J."
JAYLEN: Variant spelling of English Jalen, meaning "God lodges" or "passing the night; tarrying."
JAYLIN: Variant spelling of English Jalen, meaning "God lodges" or "passing the night; tarrying."
JAYLON: Variant spelling of English Jalen, meaning "God lodges" or "passing the night; tarrying."
JAYLYN: Variant spelling of English Jalen, meaning "God lodges" or "passing the night; tarrying."
JAYMES: Variant spelling of English James, meaning "supplanter."
JAYSON: English variant spelling of Latin Jason, meaning "to heal."
JEB: Pet form of English Jacob, meaning "supplanter." 
JED: Short form of English Jedidiah, meaning "beloved of God" or "friend of God."
JEDIDIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yediydeyah, meaning "beloved of God," "delight of God," or "friend of God." In the bible, this is a name given to Solomon by Nathan.
JEDUTHUN: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yeduwthuwn, meaning "praising." In the bible, this is the name of a Levite of the family of Merari.
JEFF: Short form of English Jefferey, probably meaning "God's peace." 
JEFFEREY: Variant form of English Geoffrey, probably meaning "God's peace."
JEFFERSON: English surname transferred to forename use, meaning "son of Jeffrey."
JEFFERY: Variant spelling of English Jefferey, probably meaning "God's peace." 
JEFFREY: Variant spelling of English Jefferey, probably meaning "God's peace." 
JEFFRY: Variant spelling of English Jefferey, probably meaning "God's peace." 
JEHEZEKEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yechezqel, meaning "God will strengthen." In the bible, this is the name of a prophet, the author of the Book of Ezekiel. 
JEHIEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yechiyel, meaning " God lives" or "whom God preserves alive." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including a son of king Jehoshaphat. 
JEHOAHAZ: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yehowachaz, meaning "Jehovah as seized" or "whom Jehovah holds fast." In the bible, this is the name of two kings of Judah and a king of Israel.
JEHOASH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yehowash, meaning "given by the Lord" or "whom Jehovah gave." In the bible, this is the name of a son of king Ahaziah and a son of king Jehoahaz.
JEHOHANAN: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yehowchanan, meaning "whom Jehovah gave." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including a high priest who lived in the time of Ezra.
JEHOIACHIN: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yehowyakiyn, meaning "God establishes." In the bible, this is the name of a king of Judah, the son of Yehowyaqiym. He was imprisoned by Nebuchadnezzar.
JEHOIAKIM: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yehowyaqiym, meaning "Jehovah raises up." In the bible, this is the name of a king of Judah who was defeated by the Babylonians.
JEHONATHAN: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yehownathan, meaning "God has given." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including the eldest son of Saul and a close friend of David.
JEHORAM: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yehowram, meaning "God is exalted." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a king of Judah.
JEHOSAPHAT: Variant spelling of English Jehoshaphat, meaning "God has judged" or "whom God judges."
JEHOSHAFAT: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yehoshafat, meaning "God has judged" or "whom God judges."
JEHOSHAPHAT: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yehowshaphat, meaning "God has judged" or "whom God judges." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including a king of Judah.
JEHOSHUA: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yehowshuwa, meaning "God is salvation." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including the leader of the Israelites after Moses died. Joshua is another Anglicized form.
JEHOVAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yehovah, a pronunciation of God's ineffable name, meaning "the existing one." The name was created by blending the letters of the tetragrammaton, YHWH, with the vowels from Adonai. 
JEHU: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yehuw, meaning "God is He." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a king of Israel and a son of Hanani.
JEHUDI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yehuwdiy, meaning "Jew." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Nethaniah.
JEM: Pet form of English James "supplanter" and Jeremy "Jehovah casts forth" or "Jehovah hurls."
JEMMY: Pet form of English James, meaning "supplanter." 
JENKIN: English surname transferred to forename use, from Middle English Jankin, meaning "God is gracious." 
JEP: Short form of English Jephthah, meaning "he opens" or "whom God sets free."
JEPHTHA: Variant spelling of English Jephthah, meaning "he opens" or "whom God sets free."
JEPHTHAH: Anglicized form of Greek Iephthae and Hebrew Yiphtach, meaning "he opens" or "whom God sets free." In the bible, this is the name of a city and the name of a son of Gilead. Also spelled Jiphtah and Jephtha.
JEPTHA: Variant spelling of English Jephthah, meaning "he opens" or "whom God sets free."
JERAHMEEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yerachmeel, meaning "may God have pity" or "whom God loves." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a son of Hezron. 
JERAHMIEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yerachmiel, meaning "may God have pity" or "whom God loves." In the book of Enoch, this is the name of an archangel.
JERALD: Variant spelling of English Gerald, meaning "spear ruler."
JERE: Short form of English Jeremiah, meaning "Jehovah casts forth" or "Jehovah hurls."
JERED: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yered, meaning "descent." In the bible, this is the name of the father of Enoch and a descendant of Judah. Also spelled Jared.
JEREMIAH: Anglicized form of Greek Ieremias ("Jehovah casts forth" or "Jehovah hurls") and Hebrew Yirmeyah ("whom God has appointed"). In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including one of the six major prophets.
JEREMIEL: Variant spelling of English Jerahmiel, meaning "may God have pity" or "whom God loves."
JEREMY: Variant form of English Jeremiah, meaning "Jehovah casts forth" or "Jehovah hurls." 
JERIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yeriyah, meaning "people of Jehovah" or "taught by Jehovah." In the bible, this is the name of the chief of the house of Hebron. Also spelled Jerijah.
JERICHO: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yeriychow, meaning "city of the moon" or "place of fragrance." In the bible, this is the name of a city near the Dead Sea, abounding in fragrant products such as balsam and cyprus. Compare with another form of Jericho.
JERIJAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yeriyah, meaning "people of Jehovah" or "taught by Jehovah." In the bible, this is the name of the chief of the house of Hebron. Also spelled Jeriah.
JERMAINE: English variant spelling of French Germain, meaning "from Germany."
JEROLD: Variant spelling of English Gerald, meaning "spear ruler."
JEROME: English form of French Jérôme, meaning "holy name."
JERRARD: Variant spelling of English Gerrard, meaning "spear strong."
JERRED: Variant spelling of English Jared, meaning "descent."
JERROD: Variant spelling of English Jared, meaning "descent."
JERROLD: Variant spelling of English Gerald, meaning "spear ruler."
JERRY: Pet form of English Jeremy, meaning "Jehovah casts forth" or "Jehovah hurls." Compare with feminine Jerry. 
JERVIS: Variant spelling of English Jarvis, meaning "spear servant."
JESAIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yeshayah, meaning "God is salvation." In the bible, this is the name of one of the most famous prophets. Also spelled Isaiah and Jeshaiah.
JESHAIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yeshayah, meaning "God is salvation." In the bible, this is the name of one of the most famous prophets. Also spelled Isaiah and Jesaiah.
JESHUA: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yeshuwa, meaning "he is saved." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including a son of Nun. 
JESIMIEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yesiymael, meaning "whom God makes," or possibly more fully "whom God makes grow old." In the bible, this is the name of a Simeonite chief of the family of Shimei.
JESS: Short form of English Jesse, meaning "gift." Compare with feminine Jess.
JESSE: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yishay, meaning "I possess" or "wealthy." In the bible, this is the name of the father of King David.
JETHER: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yether, meaning "overhanging" or "abundance." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including the father-in-law of Moses. He is also known by the name Jethro.
JETHRO: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yithrow, meaning "his abundance" or "overhanging." In the bible, this is the name of the father-in-law of Moses. He is also known by the name Jether.
JETT: English name meaning "jet (the mineral)," from Latin gagates, meaning "lapis; stone from Gagai," a town in Lycia, Asia Minor. 
JIM: Short form of English Jimmy, meaning "supplanter."
JIMI: Variant spelling of English Jimmy, meaning "supplanter."
JIMMIE: Variant spelling of English Jimmy, meaning "supplanter."
JIMMY: English pet form of English/French James, meaning "supplanter."
JIPHTAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yiphtach, meaning "he opens" or "whom God sets free." In the bible, this is the name of a city and the name of a son of Gilead. Also spelled Jephthah.
JO: Variant spelling of English Joe, meaning "(God) shall add (another son)." Compare with feminine Jo. 
JOAB: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yowab, meaning "Jehovah is father" or "whose father is Jehovah." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a commander of King David's army.
JOACHIM: Contracted form of English Jehoiakim, meaning "Jehovah raises up." 
JOAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yowach, meaning "Jehovah is brother" or "whose brother is Jehovah." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a son of Asaph.
JOAHAZ: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yowachaz, meaning "Jehovah as seized" or "whom Jehovah holds fast." In the bible, this is the name of the father of Joah, Josiah's chronicler. 
JOASH: 
Anglicized form of Hebrew Yowash, meaning "given by the Lord." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including the father of Gideon.
Anglicized form of Hebrew Yow'ash, meaning "Jehovah hastens." In the bible, this is the name of a Benjamite and the name of an officer in David's court.
JOB: 
Anglicized form of Greek Iob (Hebrew Iyowb), meaning "hated, oppressed." In the bible, this is the name of a patient man who was severely tested by God.
Anglicized form of Hebrew Yowb, meaning "persecuted." In the bible, this is the name of the third son of Issachar. He is also called Jashub. 
JOBY: Pet form of English Job, meaning "hated, oppressed."
JOCELYN: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from the Old French personal name Joscelin, meaning "Gaut." 
JOCK: Scottish form of English Jack, meaning "God is gracious."
JODY: Pet form of English Joseph, meaning "(God) shall add (another son)." Compare with feminine Jody.
JOE: Short form of English Joseph, meaning "(God) shall add (another son)." 
JOEL: English form of Greek Ioel (Hebrew Yowel), meaning "Jehovah is God" or "to whom Jehovah is God." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including one of the minor prophets. 
JOEY: Pet form of English Joseph, meaning "(God) shall add (another son)." 
JOHANAN: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yowchanan, meaning "God is gracious."
JOHN: Anglicized form of Greek Ioannes (Latin Johannes), meaning "God is gracious." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including John the Baptist.
JOHNATHAN: Variant spelling of English Jonathan, meaning "God has given."
JOHNATHON: Variant spelling of English Jonathan, meaning "God has given."
JOHNIE: Pet form of English John, meaning "God is gracious."
JOHNNIE: English unisex pet form of John and Johnna, both meaning "God is gracious."
JOHNNY: Pet form of English John, meaning "God is gracious."
JOJO: Unisex pet form of English Joe "(God) shall add (another son)" and Jo "God is gracious."
JOKTAN: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yoqtan, meaning "small." In the bible, this is the name of a descendant of Shem.
JOLYON: Medieval English variant spelling of Roman Latin Julian, meaning "descended from Jupiter (Jove)."
JON: Pet form of English Jonathan, meaning "God has given." Compare with other forms of Jon.
JONA: Anglicized form of Latin Jonas (Greek Ionas), meaning "dove." 
JONAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yonah, meaning "dove." In the bible, this is the name of a prophet who was swallowed by a great fish.
JONATHAN: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yownathan, meaning "God has given." In the bible, this is the name of the eldest son of Saul and a close friend of David.
JONATHON: Variant spelling of English Jonathan, meaning "God has given."
JONNY: Variant spelling of English Johnny, meaning "God is gracious."
JONTY: Pet form of English Jonathan, meaning "God has given."
JOOLS: English form of French Jules, meaning "descended from Jupiter (Jove)."
JOPHIEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yophiel, meaning "beauty of God." In Jewish lore, this is the name of an archangel. 
JORAM: Anglicized form of Greek Ioram and Hebrew Yowram, meaning "God is exalted." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a king of Judah. 
JORDAN: Anglicized form of Greek Iordanes and Hebrew unisex Yarden, meaning "flowing down." In the Old Testament bible, this is the name of a river in Palestine. In the New Testament, Jesus was baptized in this river by John the Baptist.
JORDI: Variant spelling of English unisex Jordie, meaning "flowing down." Compare with another form of Jordi.
JORDIE: Pet form of English unisex Jordan, meaning "flowing down."
JORDON: Variant spelling of English unisex Jordan, meaning "flowing down."
JORDYN: Variant spelling of English unisex Jordan, meaning "flowing down."
JOSAPHAT: Anglicized form of Greek Iosaphat, meaning "God has judged" or "whom God judges." In the bible, this is the name of a king of Judah.
JOSEPH: Anglicized form of Greek Ioseph (Hebrew Yehowceph and Yowceph), meaning "(God) shall add (another son)." In the bible, this is the name of the husband of Mary the mother of Jesus, and the name of the eleventh son of Jacob who became an advisor to the pharaoh of Egypt.
JOSES: Anglicized form of Greek Ioses, meaning "exalted." In the bible, this is the name of a brother of Jesus.
JOSH: Short form of English Joshua, meaning "God is salvation."
JOSHAPHAT: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yowshaphat, meaning "God has judged" or "whom God judges." In the bible, this is the name of a priest and the name of one of King David's warriors.
JOSHAWA: Variant spelling of English Joshua, meaning "God is salvation."
JOSHUA: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yehowshuwa, meaning "God is salvation." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including the leader of the Israelites after Moses died. Jehoshua is another Anglicized form.
JOSIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yoshiyah (Greek Josias), meaning "whom Jehovah heals." In the bible, this is the name of the sixteenth king of Judah.
JOSS: 
Pet form of English unisex Jocelyn, meaning "Gaut." 
Variant spelling of Middle English Josse, meaning "lord."
JOSSE: Middle English form of Norman French Josce, meaning "lord."
JOTHAM: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yowtham, meaning "God is perfect." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including the youngest son of Gideon.
JOYCE: English unisex form of Norman French Josce, meaning "lord." In the Middle Ages, this was a masculine name, now it is almost strictly feminine. 
JUBAL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yuwbal, meaning "river, stream." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Lamech. 
JUDA: Variant spelling of English Judah, meaning "praised." 
JUDAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Yehuwdah, meaning "praised." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including the fourth son of Jacob and Leah, the founder of one of the twelve tribes of Israel. 
JUDD: Medieval pet form of English Jordan, meaning "flowing down."
JUDE: Another Anglicized form of Hebrew Yehuwdah, meaning "praised." In the bible, this is the name of the brother of James. 
JULES:  French form of Roman Latin Julius, meaning "descended from Jupiter (Jove)." In use by the English.
JULIAN: Short form of Roman Latin Julianus, meaning "descended from Jupiter (Jove)." In use by the English.
JULYAN: English form of Roman Latin Julian, meaning "descended from Jupiter (Jove)."
JUNIOR: English pet name for a boy who has the same name as his father, derived from Latin junior, meaning "young." 
JUSTICE: English unisex name derived from a Middle English and Old French byname for a fair-minded person, meaning "equity, justice."
JUSTIN: English form of Roman Latin Justinus, meaning "fair, just." 
JUSTY: Unisex pet form of English Justin and Justine, both meaning "fair, just."
KADE: Variant spelling of English Cade, "round and lumpy."
KADEN: Variant spelling of English Caden, probably meaning "little battle." 
KAE: Variant spelling of English Kay, meaning "lord." Compare with feminine Kae.
KAM: Short form of English Kameron, meaning "crooked nose."
KAMERON: English masculine form of Scottish unisex Cameron, meaning "crooked nose."
KANE: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Cathán, meaning "little battle."
KAOLIN: Anglicized form of Gaelic Caolán, meaning "little slender one."
KASEY: Variant spelling of English unisex Casey, meaning "vigilant, wakeful."
KASPER: English form of Spanish Gaspar, meaning "treasure bearer." Early Christians assigned names to the three Magi ("wise men from the east") who visited the baby Jesus. They are mentioned but not named in the bible; Kasper is one of them, the other two are Balthasar and Melchior. Also spelled Casper and Jasper. Compare with another form of Kasper.
KASSIDY: Variant spelling of English unisex Cassidy, meaning "curly(-headed)."
KAY: English form of Welsh Kai, meaning "lord." In Arthurian legend, this is the name of one of the first Knights of the Round Table. He was the son of Sir Ector, the foster brother of King Arthur, and is noted for having an acid tongue and boorish behavior, but mostly for trying to take credit when Arthur pulled the sword from the stone. Compare with another form of Kay. 
KEAN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Cian, meaning "ancient, distant."
KEANE: Variant spelling of English Kean, meaning "ancient, distant."
KEARNEY: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Cearnaigh "descendant of Cearnaigh," hence "victor, winner."
KEATON: English surname transferred to forename use, probably from the place name Keaton in Ermington, Devon, composed of the Cornish word kee "bank, hedge" and Old English tun "settlement," hence "settlement on the bank."
KEEFE: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Caoimh "descendant of Caomh," hence "beloved, comely."
KEEGAN: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Mac Aodhagáin "son of Aodhagán," hence "tiny little fire."
KEELAN: Irish surname transferred to unisex forename use, from a contracted form of the surname Keelahan, an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Céileacháin, "descendant of Ceileachain," hence "little companion."
KEELIN: Variant spelling of English unisex Keelan, meaning "little companion." 
KEENAN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Cianán, meaning "little ancient one."
KEGAN: Variant spelling of English Keegan, meaning "tiny little fire."
KEIR: Variant spelling of English Kerr, meaning "from the marshland."
KEITH: Scottish surname transferred to forename use, probably derived from a Celtic word meaning "forest, wood."
KELAN: Variant spelling of English unisex Keelan, meaning "little companion."
KELCEY: Variant spelling of English unisex Kelsey, meaning "ship-victory."
KELL: Short form of English unisex Kelly, meaning "bright-headed."
KELLEY: Variant spelling of English unisex Kelly, meaning "bright-headed."
KELLY: Anglicized unisex form of Irish Gaelic Ceallach, meaning "bright-headed."
KELSEY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from the Old Anglo-Saxon personal name Céolsige, meaning "ship-victory."
KELVIN: First used in the 1920s, this English name was derived from the name of a Scottish river, possibly meaning "friendly river." 
KEMP: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, from the Middle English word kempe "athlete, wrestler," from Old English kempa, meaning "champion, warrior."
KEN: Short form of English Kenneth, meaning both "born of fire" and "comely; finely made." Also used as a nickname for other names that begin with Ken-. Compare with another form of Ken.
KENAN (קַינָן): Anglicized form of Hebrew Qeynan, meaning "possession." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Enosh. Also spelled Cainan.
KENAZ: Anglicized form of Hebrew Qenaz, meaning "hunter." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Eliphaz and a brother of Caleb.
KENDAL: Variant spelling of English unisex Kendall, meaning "exalted effigy." 
KENDALL: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from the Welsh masculine personal name Cynddelw, meaning "exalted effigy." 
KENDRICK: English surname transferred to forename use, probably derived from the Middle English personal name Cenric, meaning "keen power." 
KENELM: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Cenhelm, meaning "keen protection." 
KENITH: Variant spelling of English Kenneth, meaning both "born of fire" and "comely; finely made."
KENNARD: English name probably derived from Anglo-Saxon Cyneweard, meaning "royal guard."
KENNEDY: Irish surname transferred to unisex forename use in honor of the assassinated American president John F. Kennedy, derived from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Cinnéidigh, meaning "ugly head."
KENNETH: 
Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Cináed, meaning "born of fire." This was probably the first Anglicization.
Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Cainnech, meaning "comely; finely made." 
KENNITH: Variant spelling of English Kenneth, meaning both "comely; finely made" and "born of fire." 
KENNY: Pet form of English Kenneth, meaning both "comely; finely made" and "born of fire." 
KENRICK: Variant spelling of English Kendrick, meaning "keen power."
KENT: Compare with another form of Kent.
English surname transferred to forename use, meaning "from Kent."
Short form of English Kenton, meaning "Cena's settlement." Also used as a short form of other names beginning with Kent-.
KENTIGERN: Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Ceanntighern, meaning "head lord."
KENTON: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of Old English Cena and tun "settlement," hence "Cena's settlement."
KENYON: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Mac Coinín "son of Coinín," hence "little wolf."
KENZIE: Short form of English unisex Mackenzie, meaning "comely, finely made."
KERMIT: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Diarmaid, meaning "without envy."
KERR: Scottish surname transferred to English forename use, meaning "from the marshland."
KERRIE: Variant spelling of English unisex Kerry, meaning "Ciar's people." 
KERRY: English unisex name derived from the name of an Irish county, Ciarraí, meaning "Ciar's people." Compare with strictly feminine Kerry.
KESHAUN: Elaborated form of English Shaun, meaning "God is gracious."
KESHAWN: Elaborated form of English Shawn, meaning "God is gracious."
KEVAN: Variant spelling of English Kevin, meaning "little comely one."
KEVIN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Caoimhín, meaning "little comely one."
KEVYN: Variant spelling of English Kevin, meaning "little comely one."
KIAN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Cian, meaning "ancient, distant."
KIARAN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Ciarán, meaning "little black one."
KIERAN: Variant spelling of English Kiaran, meaning "little black one."
KIERON: Variant spelling of English Kiaran, meaning "little black one."
KILLEEN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Cillín, meaning "little warrior."
KILLIAN: Variant spelling of English Killeen, meaning "little warrior." Compare with another form of Killian.
KIM: Short form of English unisex Kimberley, meaning "King's City Meadow." Compare with another form of Kim.
KIMBALL: English surname transferred to forename use, from the Middle English personal name Kimbel, meaning "royal courage."
KIMBEL: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Cynebeal, meaning "royal courage."
KIMBERLEY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, from the name of a South African town first brought to the public's notice by the Boer War in the 19th century. The town was named for Lord Kimberley whose ancestors derived their name from a place in England composed of the Old English elements cyne "king," burg "city" and leah "meadow, pasture," hence "King's City Meadow."
KING: English name derived from the vocabulary word, "king," from Old English cyning, probably meaning "family, race."
KINGSLEY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, from the name of various places called Cyningesleah, composed of the Old English elements cyne "king," and leah "meadow, pasture," hence "king's meadow." 
KIP: Variant spelling of Middle English Kipp, possibly meaning "fat man." 
KIPP: Middle English name, possibly originally a byname meaning "fat man," from the Germanic root kupp, meaning "to swell." 
KIRBY: English surname transferred to forename use, from the name of numerous places composed of the Old Norse elements kirkja "church" and býr "settlement," hence "church settlement."
KIRK: English surname transferred to forename use, originally an English and Scottish name for someone who "lives near a church," derived from the Old Norse word kirkja, meaning "church." 
KIT: Pet form of English Christopher, meaning "Christ-bearer." Compare with another form of Kit.
KNOX: English surname transferred to forename use, from Old English cnocc "round-topped hill," hence "lives on a hilltop."
KODEY: Variant spelling of English unisex Kody, meaning "helper."
KODY: Variant spelling of English unisex Cody, meaning "helper."
KOHATH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Qehath, meaning "assembly." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Levi and a grandson of Jacob.
KOLBY: Variant spelling of English Colby, meaning "coal settlement."
KOLE: Variant spelling of English Cole, meaning "coal-black, swarthy."
KOLMAN: Variant spelling of English Colman, meaning "dove." Compare with another form of Kolman.
KONNOR: Variant spelling of English Connor, meaning "hound-lover."
KORAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Qorach, meaning "bald" or "ice." In the bible, this is the name of a Levite who led a rebellion against Moses and Aaron. 
KORBIN: Modern variant spelling of Middle English and Old French Corbin, meaning "little crow" or "little raven."
KOREY: Variant spelling of English Corey, possibly meaning "deep hollow, ravine."
KORI: Variant spelling of English Korey, possibly meaning "deep hollow, ravine."
KORTNEY: Variant spelling of English unisex Courtney, meaning "short nose."
KORY: Variant spelling of English Korey, possibly meaning "deep hollow, ravine."
KOURTNEY: Variant spelling of English unisex Courtney, meaning "short nose."
KRIS: English unisex short form of longer names beginning with Kris-.
KRISTOPHER: Variant spelling of English Christopher, meaning "Christ-bearer." 
KURT: Short form of English Kurtis, meaning "courteous." Compare with another form of Kurt.
KURTIS: Variant spelling of English Curtis, meaning "courteous."
KYNASTON: English surname transferred to forename use, from the name of various places derived from Old English Cynefriþestun, meaning "settlement of Cynefrið."
KYRAN: Variant spelling of English Kieran, meaning "little black one."
LAKE: English name derived from the vocabulary word, from Latin lacus, meaning "pond, lake."
LAMBART: Variant form of English Lambert, meaning "land-bright."
LAMBERT: Middle English form of Low German Lammert, meaning "land-bright."
LAMONT: Scottish surname transferred to English forename use, from the medieval Swedish personal name Lagman, meaning "lawman."
LANCE: English name derived from the Old French word lance, meaning "lance (the weapon)." Compare with another form of Lance.
LANDON: English surname transferred to forename use, from a contracted form of the surname Langdon, composed of the Old English elements lang "long" and dun "hill," hence "long hill."
LANE: English topographic surname transferred to forename use, derived from Old English lane "narrow pathway," hence "lives by a lane."
LANFORD: Variant spelling of English Langford, meaning "long river crossing."
LANGDON: English habitational surname transferred to forename use, from the name of various places composed of the Old English elements lang "long" and dun "hill," hence "long hill."
LANGFORD: English habitational surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements lang "long" and ford "ford," hence "long river crossing."
LANNY: Pet form of English names beginning with Lan-.
LARK: English unisex name derived from the vocabulary word, from Old English lawcere, meaning "song-bird."
LARKIN: English surname transferred to forename use, from a medieval pet form of English Laurence, meaning "of Laurentum."
LARRIE: Variant spelling of English Larry, meaning "of Laurentum."
LARRY: Pet form of English Laurence, meaning "of Laurentum."
LAUREN: Unisex form of English Laurence, meaning "of Laurentum."
LAURENCE: English form of French Laurent, meaning "of Laurentum."
LAURIE: Unisex pet form of English Lauren and Laurence, both meaning "of Laurentum."
LAVERN: Variant spelling of English Laverne, meaning "the alder (tree)." Rarely used anymore. Compare with feminine Lavern.
LAVERNE: English name derived from the French surname Lavergne, meaning "the alder (tree)." Rarely used anymore. Compare with feminine Laverne.
LAW: Middle English short form of English Lawrence, meaning "of Laurentum."
LAWRENCE: Variant spelling of English Laurence, meaning "of Laurentum."
LAWRIE: Pet form of English Lawrence, meaning "of Laurentum."
LAWSON: English surname transferred to forename use, meaning "son of Law." 
LAYNE: Variant spelling of English Lane, meaning "lives by the lane." 
LAYTON: Variant spelling of English unisex Leighton, meaning "leek garden."
LAZ: Pet form of English Larry, meaning "of Laurentum."
LEE: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, from the Old English word leah, meaning "meadow." 
LEEROY: Variant spelling of English Leroy, meaning "the king."
LEHI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Lechiy, meaning "cheek" or "jaw." In the bible, this is the name of a place near the border of the hill-country of Judah. The place is noted for being the location of Samson's killing of 1000 men with the jawbone of an ass.
LEIGH: Variant spelling of English unisex Lee, meaning "meadow." 
LEIGHTON: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, composed of the Old English elements leac "leek" and tun "enclosure, settlement," hence "leek garden."
LELAND: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Middle English elements ley "fallow" and land "land," hence "fallow land."
LEM: Short form of English Lemuel, meaning "by God" or "for God."
LEMUEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Lemuwel, meaning "by God" or "for God." In the bible, this is the name of an unknown king, possibly Solomon. It is also the name of the main character (Lemuel Gulliver) in Jonathan Swift's English novel Gulliver's Travels. 
LEN: Short form of English Leonard, meaning "lion-strong." Compare with another form of Len.
LENARD: Variant spelling of English Leonard, meaning "lion-strong."
LENNARD: Variant spelling of English Leonard, meaning "lion-strong."
LENNIE: Pet form of English Leonard, meaning "lion-strong."
LENNON: English surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Leannáin "descendant of Leannán," hence "little cloak."
LENNY: Pet form of English Leonard, meaning "lion-strong."
LEO: Short form of English Leonard, meaning "lion-strong." Compare with another form of Leo.
LEOLIN: English variant form of Welsh Llywelyn, meaning "oath of Belenus." 
LEON (Λέων): Greek name derived from the word leon, meaning "lion." In use by the English and Germans. 
LEONARD: English form of French Léonard, meaning "lion-strong." 
LEOPOLD: English form of French Léopold, meaning "people-bold."
LEROI: English variant spelling of French Leroy, meaning "the king."
LEROY: French name, meaning "the king." In use by the English.
LES: Short form of English unisex Lesley, meaning "garden of hollies."
LESLEY: Anglicized form of Scottish unisex Leslie, meaning "garden of hollies."
LESLY: Variant spelling of English unisex Lesley, meaning "garden of hollies."
LESTER: English surname transferred to forename use, from the city name Leicester which was recorded in the 10th century as Ligora caester "Ligora's fort." Ligora is related to Liguria, a very old place name of obscure origin, dating back to pre-Roman times. There has been some speculation concerning a possible connection between Ligora/Liguria and Celtic Lug, meaning "oath."
LEV: English short form of English Levi, meaning "adhesion, joined to" or "crown, garland." Compare with other forms of Lev.
LEVI: Compare with another form of Levi.
Anglicized form of Greek Leui (Hebrew Leviy), meaning "adhesion, joined to" or "crown, garland." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including the third son of Jacob.
Anglicized form of Greek Leuis, meaning "joined." In the bible, this is the name of the son of Alphaeus, a collector of customs.
LEW: Short form of English Lewis, meaning "famous warrior." Compare with another form of Lew.
LEWIN: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the Anglo-Saxon personal name Leofwine, meaning "dear friend."
LEWIS: English form of French Louis, meaning "famous warrior." 
LEX: Short form of English unisex Alex, meaning "defender of mankind."
LEYTON: Variant spelling of English Layton, meaning "leek garden."
LINCOLN: English surname transferred to forename use, from the name of the city of Lincoln, which was originally called Lindum colonia, meaning "lake colony." 
LINDEN: Variant spelling of English Lyndon, meaning "lime tree hill." Or from the vocabulary word, linden, meaning "lime tree."
LINDON: Variant spelling of English Lyndon, meaning "lime tree hill."
LINDSAY: Scottish surname transferred to English unisex forename use, composed of the name Lincoln and the Old English word ey "wetland," hence "Lincoln's wetlands." In Scotland, this is strictly a masculine name.
LINDSEY: Variant spelling of English unisex Lindsay, meaning "Lincoln's wetlands." 
LINFORD: Old English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the elements hlyn "maple" and ford "ford," hence "maple tree ford."
LINTON: English surname transferred to forename use, from the name of numerous places in England most of which were composed of the Old English elements lin "cotton, flax" and tun "enclosure, settlement," hence "cotton/flax settlement."
LINUS: Latin form of Greek Linos, meaning either "a cry of grief" or "flax, linen." In the bible, this is the name of one of Paul's Christian associates. In mythology, this is the name of a musician, the personification of lamentation. He was killed by Apollo who was his rival in music. Another version of the story says he was killed by Hercules. 
LIONEL: Anglo-Norman diminutive form of French Léon ("lion"), hence "little lion" or "young lion." In Arthurian legend, this is the name of a Knight of the Round Table. He was the younger son of King Bors, and cousin to Lancelot and Hector de Maris. When King Bors died in battle, Lionel and Bors were rescued by the Lady of the Lake and raised by her, along with Lancelot, in her underwater kingdom.
LIVY: English form of Roman Latin Livius, possibly meaning "bluish."
LON: English short form of Spanish Alonso, meaning "noble and ready." Compare with another form of Lon.
LONDON: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, denoting someone "from London." The name may have pre-Celtic roots, meaning something like "place at the unfordable river."
LONNIE: Pet form of English Alonzo, meaning "noble and ready."
LONNY: Variant spelling of English Lonnie, meaning "noble and ready."
LOREN: Variant spelling of English unisex Lauren, meaning "of Laurentum."
LORIN: Variant spelling of English unisex Loren, meaning "of Laurentum." 
LORN: Variant spelling of English Lorne, of unknown meaning.
LORNE: English name derived from the place name Lorne, Scotland, of unknown meaning. The name was a part of a courtesy title for the Scottish Duke of Argyll's eldest son and heir, the Marquess of Lorne, who also derived it from the place name.
LORRIN: Variant spelling of English Lorin, meaning "of Laurentum." 
LOU: English unisex short form of French Louis and Louise, both meaning "famous warrior." 
LOUIE: Pet form of French Louis, meaning "famous warrior."
LOUIS: Middle French form of Old French Loois, meaning "famous warrior." 
LOVEL: Variant spelling of English Lovell, meaning "little wolf."
LOVELL: English surname transferred to forename use, from a variant spelling of English Lowell, meaning "little wolf."
LOWELL: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the Old Norman French byname Louvel, meaning "little wolf." 
LOYD: Variant spelling of Welsh Lloyd, meaning "gray-haired." 
LUCAS: Contracted form of Latin Lucanus, meaning "from Lucania," a region of southern Italy. Lucania probably comes from the word lux, meaning "light." In the bible, this is the name of a Gentile Christian who was a companion of Paul. Luke is the Anglicized form.
LUCKY: Pet form of English Luke, meaning "from Lucania." In some cases it may come directly from the vocabulary word, meaning simply "lucky."
LUKE: Anglicized form of Greek Loukas (Latin Lucas), meaning "from Lucania," a region of southern Italy. Lucania probably comes from the word lux, meaning "light." In the bible, this is the name of a Gentile Christian who was a companion of Paul. 
LUTHER: German name composed of the elements liut "people" and heri "army, warrior," hence "people's army."
LUX: English unisex name derived from the Latin word lux, meaning "light."
LYLE: Scottish surname transferred to forename use, from the Norman French phrase de l'isle, meaning "from the island."
LYNDON: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from a place name composed of the Old English elements lind "linden, lime tree" and dun "hill," hence "lime tree hill."
LYNTON: Variant spelling of English Linton, meaning "cotton/flax settlement."
LYSANDER: Latin form of Greek Lysandros, meaning "freer; liberator." This was the name of the main character in Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream. In use by the English.
MAACHAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew unisex Maakah, meaning "to press, to squeeze," i.e. "oppression." In the bible this is the name of many characters, including one of King David's wives, and a son of Nahor.
MACE: English name which may mean either "mace (the spice)" or "mace (the weapon)."
MACEY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, from a variant spelling of the surname Massey which was originally a pet form of Matthew, meaning "gift of God."
MACIE: Variant spelling of English unisex Macey, meaning "gift of God."
MACK: Originally a short form of surnames, mostly Scottish, beginning with Mac-, meaning "son of," it is now sometimes given as a forename. 
MACKENZIE: Scottish surname transferred to unisex forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Mac Coinnich "son of Coinneach," hence "comely; finely made."
MACY: Variant spelling of English unisex Macey, meaning "gift of God."
MADAI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Maday, meaning "middle" or "middle land." In the bible, this is the name of a place and the name of a son of Japheth and the people who descended from him.
MADDISON: Variant spelling of English unisex Madison, meaning "son of Madde."
MADDOX: English surname transferred to forename use, from the Welsh personal name Madog, meaning "little fortunate one" or "little good one."
MADISON: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, meaning "son of Madde."
MAHALA: Variant spelling of English unisex Mahalah, meaning "disease." 
MAHALAH: Variant spelling of English unisex Mahlah, meaning "disease." In the bible, this is the name of a Gileadite (sex uncertain), and the name of the eldest of Zelophehad's five daughters.
MAHALI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Machliy, meaning "sick." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Merari. Also spelled Mahli.
MAHLAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew unisex Machlah, meaning "disease." In the bible, this is the name of a Gileadite (sex uncertain), and the name of the eldest of Zelophehad's five daughters.
MAHLI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Machliy, meaning "sick." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Merari. Also spelled Mahali.
MAHLON: Anglicized form of Hebrew Machlown, meaning "sick." In the bible, this is the name of the son of Elimelech and Naomi.
MAHON: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Mathúin, meaning "bear calf."
MAITLAND: English and Scottish surname transferred to forename use, derived from a byname for an ungracious person, from Anglo-Norman French maltalent/mautalent, meaning "bad tempered." 
MAJOR: English surname transferred to forename use, from the Norman French personal name Mauger, meaning "work-spear."
MALACH: Anglicized form of Hebrew unisex Malak, meaning "angel, messenger." In the bible, malak is a word used to denote a messenger from God or from a private individual.
MALACHAI: Variant spelling of English Malachi, meaning "my messenger."
MALACHI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Malakiy, meaning "my messenger." In the bible, this is the name of the last of the Hebrew prophets.
MALACHY: 
Variant spelling of English Malachi, meaning "my messenger."
Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Maoileachlainn "devotee of Seachlainn," altered to coincide with Hebrew Malakiy ("my messenger").
MALCOLM: Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Mael Coluim, meaning "devotee of St. Columb."  
MALCOM: Variant spelling of English Malcolm, meaning "devotee of St. Columba." 
MALLORY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from a Norman French byname for an unfortunate person, from Old French malheure, meaning "unfortunate, unhappy, unlucky."
MALONE: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Maoil Eoin, meaning "devotee of St. Eoin (John)."
MANASSEH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Menashsheh, meaning "causing to forget" or "one who forgets." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including the eldest son of Joseph.
MANLEY: English surname transferred to forename use, from the name of various places composed of the Old English elements (ge)mæne "common, shared" and leah "meadow, pasture," hence "common meadow." Its choice as a forename is probably due to its similarity to the word manly.
MANNIX: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Mainchín, meaning "little monk."
MANNY: Pet form of English Immanuel, meaning "God is with us."
MARCH: English surname transferred to forename use, from the Norman French word march, meaning "boundary." Compare with other forms of March.
MARK: 
Anglicized form of Welsh March, meaning "horse." In Arthurian legend, this is the name of a king of Cornwall.
English form of French Marc, from Latin Marcus, meaning "defense" or "of the sea." In the New Testament bible, this is the name of the author of the second Gospel.
MARKO: Pet form of English Mark, meaning "defense" or "of the sea." Compare with another form of Marko.
MARKUS: English form of Latin Marcus, meaning "defense" or "of the sea." Compare with another form of Markus.
MARLEN: Variant spelling of English Marlon, probably meaning "little one of the sea." Compare with another form of Marlen.
MARLIN: 
Variant spelling of English Merlin, meaning "sea fort."
Variant spelling of English Marlon, probably meaning "little one of the sea."
MARLON: Probably an English contraction of French Marcelon, meaning "little one of the sea." This name was first brought to public attention by the American actor Marlon Brando whose family is said to be of French descent. 
MARLOWE: English surname transferred to forename use, from a place name in Buckinghamshire, composed of the Old English elements mere "lake, pool" and lafe "leavings, remnants," hence, "marshland."
MARMADUKE: Anglicized form of Old Irish Mael-Maedóc, meaning "devotee of Maedóc."
MARQUIS: English name derived from the French title for the "governor of a border country," from Old French marchis ("border country"). A Marquis ranks just below a Duke. 
MARQUISE: Variant spelling of English Marquis, meaning "governor of a border country."
MARSHAL: Variant spelling of English Marshall, meaning either "keeper of horses" or "shoeing smith."
MARSHALL: English surname transferred to forename use, from a Norman French occupational term denoting someone who was a "keeper of horses," composed of the Germanic elements morah "horse" and scalc "servant." By the time it became a surname it had acquired the meaning "shoeing smith."
MARTIAL: English form of Roman Latin Martialis, meaning "of/like Mars."
MARTIE: Pet form of English Martin, meaning "of/like Mars."
MARTIN:  English form of Roman Latin Martinus, meaning "of/like Mars." Compare with another form of Martin.
MARTY: Pet form of English Martin, meaning "of/like Mars."
MARVIN: Variant spelling of English Mervin, meaning "marrow-eminent." 
MARVYN: Variant spelling of English Marvin, meaning "marrow-eminent." 
MASON: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, derived from French maçon, meaning "mason, stone-worker."
MASTERMAN: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, meaning "man of the master," i.e. "retainer" or "servant."
MAT: Variant spelling of English Matt, meaning "gift of God."
MATANIA: Variant spelling of English Mattaniah, meaning "gift of God." 
MATHEW: Variant spelling of English Matthew, meaning "gift of God."
MATHIAS: Variant spelling of English Matthias, meaning "gift of God."
MATT: Short form of English Matthew, meaning "gift of God."
MATTANIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Mattanyah, meaning "gift of God." In the bible, this is the name of many characters; this was Zedekiah's name before the captivity; he changed it after becoming Judah's last king.
MATTATHIAH: Anglicized form of Greek Mattathias, meaning "gift of God." In the bible, this is the name of one of Christ's ancestors.
MATTHEW: English form of French Mathieu, meaning "gift of God." In the bible, this is the name of one of the twelve apostles and author of the first Gospel of the New Testament.
MATTHIAS: Anglicized form of Greek Maththias, meaning "gift of God." In the bible, this is the name of the apostle who took the place of Judas Iscariot.
MATTIE: Pet form of English Matthew, meaning "gift of God." Compare with feminine Mattie.
MATTITHIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Mattithyah, meaning "gift of God." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a member of the family of Nebo.
MATTY: Variant spelling of English Mattie, meaning "gift of God." Compare with feminine Matty.
MAURICE: Contracted form of Roman Latin Mauricius, meaning "dark-skinned; Moor." Introduced to Britain by the Normans. Infrequently used by the French and English.
MAVERICK: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the vocabulary word maverick, originally meaning "unbranded range animal." This was the surname of Samuel Maverick (1803-1870), a Texas cattleman who refused to brand his cattle. Its use as a personal name first began in the early 1990s after the release of the movie "Maverick" starring Mel Gibson. The sense of "unconventional person," is first recorded in 1886, and seems to have developed from the notion of being "independent, masterless."
MAX: English short form of both Latin Maximilian "the greatest rival" and Scottish Maxwell "the stream of Mack." 
MAXIMILIAN: Short form of Latin Maximilianus, meaning "the greatest rival." In use by the English and Germans.
MAYNARD: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the Norman personal name Mainard, meaning "strong and hardy."
MAYNERD: Variant spelling of English Maynard, meaning "strong and hardy."
MAYSON: Variant spelling of English Mason, meaning "stone-worker."
MCKENZIE: Variant spelling of English unisex Mackenzie, meaning "comely, finely made."
MEAD: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, denoting someone who "lives by a meadow." 
MEADE: Variant spelling of English unisex Mead, meaning "lives by a meadow."
MEDAD: Anglicized form of Hebrew Meydad, meaning "love." In the bible, this is the name of a prophet who lived in the time of Moses.
MEED: Variant spelling of English unisex Mead, meaning "lives by a meadow."
MEL: Unisex short form of English names beginning with Mel-.
MELBOURNE: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements mylla "mill" and burne "stream," hence "mill stream."
MELECH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Melek, meaning "king." In the bible, this is the name of the second son of Micah.
MELVILLE: Scottish surname of Norman French origin, transferred to English forename use, from the name of various places in Normandy called Malleville, meaning "bad settlement."
MELVIN: English name of uncertain origin, possibly an altered form of Melville, meaning "bad settlement." 
MELVYN: Variant spelling of English Melvin, meaning "bad settlement." 
MENAHEM: Anglicized form of Hebrew Menachem, meaning "comforter." In the bible, this is the name of a king of Israel who was notorious for his cruelty.
MERARI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Merariy, meaning "bitter, unhappy." In the bible, this is the name of the third son of Levi.
MEREDITH: English unisex name derived from Welsh Meredydd, probably meaning "sea day" or "sea sun."
MERIT: Variant spelling of English unisex Merritt, meaning "boundary gate." Compare with strictly feminine Merit.
MERLE: English unisex name, derived from the Old French word merle, meaning "blackbird." It first came to public notice in the 1930s with the actress Merle Oberon, and is mostly given to girls.
MERLIN: English form of Latin Merlinus, the name of a famous wizard of Arthurian legend, meaning "sea-fort." Merlin was introduced into Arthurian legend by Geoffrey of Monmouth. According to Geoffrey, Merlin was the son of a demon and a princess. He became known for his prophetic abilities at a very young age and was consulted by King Vortigern to explain why his castle kept collapsing. Merlin revealed that there was an underground lake in which two dragons slept, a white one and a red one, representing the Saxons and Britons, and this was the portent for things to come. He is also called Myrddin Emrys, meaning "Merlin the Immortal." 
MERLYN: Unisex form of English Merlin, meaning "sea fort."
MERRICK: English surname transferred to forename use, from an Old Norman French personal name composed of the Germanic elements mari/meri "fame" and ric "power," hence "famous power." 
MERRILL: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from the personal name Meriel, meaning "sea-bright."
MERRITT: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, from the Old English term moere gaet, meaning "boundary gate." 
MERTON: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the name of various places composed of the Old English elements mere "lake, pool" and tun "enclosure, settlement," hence "lake settlement."
MERV: Short form of English Mervin, meaning "marrow-eminent."
MERVIN: Variant spelling of English Mervyn, meaning "marrow-eminent."
MERVYN: Anglicized form of Welsh Merfyn, meaning "marrow-eminent."
MERYL: Variant form of English unisex Merrill, meaning "sea-bright."
MERYLE: Variant spelling of English unisex Merrill, meaning "sea-bright."
MESECH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Meshek, meaning "to draw." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Japheth.
MESHECH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Meshek, meaning "to draw." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Japheth.
METHUSAEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Methuwshael, meaning "man of God." In the bible, this is the name of a descendant of Cain.
METHUSELAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Methuwshelach, meaning "man of the dart." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Enoch. He lived to the age of 969 years. 
METUSHAEL: Variant spelling of English Methusael, meaning "man of God."
MICAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Miyka, meaning "who is like God?" In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including the father of Mattaniah.
MICAIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Miyka, meaning "who is like God?" In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including the father of Mattaniah.
MICAJAH: Variant spelling of English Micaiah, meaning "who is like God?"
MICHA: Variant spelling of English Michah, meaning "who is like God?"
MICHAEL: Anglicized form of Greek Michaēl (Hebrew Miyka'el), meaning "who is like God?" or literally "El's likeness." In the Old Testament bible, this is the name of many characters, including the prince of Angels, the first archangel who was closest to God and became the guardian angel of Israel. In the New Testament, he leads the angelic host against the Apocalyptic Dragon. The Dead Sea Scrolls contain a story entitled "The War of the Sons of Light and the Sons of Darkness," in which Michael is described as the "viceroy of heaven," a title said to once belong to Satan. His name was the war-cry of the angels when he led them in battle against their chief antagonist, Samael. 
MICHAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Miykah, meaning "who is like God?" In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including a minor prophet.
MICHAYA: Variant spelling of English Micaiah, meaning "who is like God?" 
MICK: Pet form of English Michael, meaning "who is like God?" Rarely used anymore due to its use as a derogatory term for a Catholic Irishman.
MICKEY: Unisex pet form of English Michael and Michaela, both meaning "who is like God?"
MICKY: Pet form of English Michael, meaning "who is like God?"
MIDIAN: Anglicized form of Hebrew Midyan, meaning "strife, war." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Abraham.
MIKE: Pet form of English Michael, meaning "who is like God?"
MIKI: Pet form of English Michael, meaning "who is like God?"
MILBURN: English surname transferred to forename use, from the name of a place in Cumbria, composed of the Old English elements mylen "mill" and burna "stream," hence "mill-stream."
MILE: Middle English name of uncertain origin, but commonly associated with Latin Milo, meaning "soldier." Compare with another form of Mile.
MILES: Patronymic form of English Mile, meaning "son of Mile."
MILFORD: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the name of numerous places composed of the Old English elements mylen "mill" and ford "ford," hence "mill ford."
MILLARD: English surname transferred to forename use, from a variant of the surname Millward, a form of Millweard, an old Anglo-Saxon occupational surname composed of the Old English elements mylen "mill" and weard "guardian," hence "mill-guard."
MILTON: English surname transferred to forename use, form the name of various places, most of which were derived from the Old English word mylentun, meaning "mill settlement."
MITCH: Short form of English Mitchell, meaning "who is like God?"
MITCHELL: English surname transferred to forename use, from a medieval form of Michael, meaning "who is like God?" 
MIYKAH (מִיכָה): Hebrew name meaning "who is like God?" In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including a minor prophet. The Anglicized form is Michah.
MO: Pet form of English Morris, meaning "dark-skinned; Moor." Compare with feminine Mo.
MOAB: Anglicized form of Hebrew Mowab, meaning "water," i.e. "seed," hence "of his father." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Lot.
MOE: Pet form of English Moses, meaning "drawn out."
MOISE: Middle English form of French Moisé, meaning "drawn out."
MONTAGUE: English surname transferred to forename use, originally a Norman baronial name composed of the Old French elements mont "hill, mountain" and aigu "pointed," hence "pointed mountain."
MONTE: Variant spelling of English Monty, meaning "pointed mountain."
MONTGOMERY: English surname transferred to forename use, originally a Norman baronial name composed of Old French mont "hill" and the Germanic personal name Gomeric, hence "hill of Gomeric."
MONTMORENCY: English surname transferred to forename use, originally a Norman baronial name composed of Old French mont "hill" and Germanic Morency, hence "hill of Morency."
MONTY: Pet form of English Montague "pointed mountain," and more rarely Montgomery "hill of Gomeric." 
MORDECAI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Mordekay, meaning "devotee of Marduk (Mars)" or "little man." In the bible, this is the name of a cousin of Queen Esther.
MORDECHAI: Variant spelling of English Mordecai, meaning "devotee of Marduk (Mars)" or "little man."
MORDRED: Old English Arthurian legend name of a Knight of the Round Table who was the illegitimate son and traitor of King Arthur, possibly meaning "sea counsel." He was brother (or half-brother) to Agravain, Gaheris, Gareth, and Gawain, and noted for having crowned himself and married Guinevere while Arthur was waging war on Emperor Lucius of Rome. He was killed by Arthur at the Battle of Camlann. 
MORGAN: Welsh name, derived from ancient Celtic Morcant, probably meaning "sea circle." In use by the English as a unisex name.
MORGEN: English variant spelling of Welsh Morgan, probably meaning "sea circle." In use by the English as a unisex name.
MORIARTY: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Muircheartaigh "descendant of Muircheartach," hence "skilled seaman."
MORLEY: English surname transferred to forename use, from the name of numerous places composed of the Old English elements mor "marsh, moor," and leah "meadow, pasture," hence "marsh meadow."
MORRIS: Medieval English form of Roman Latin Maurice, meaning "dark-skinned; Moor."
MORRISSEY: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Muirgheasa "descendant of Muirgheas," hence "sea-taboo." 
MORT: Short form of English Morton "settlement on the moor," and Mortimer "dead sea."
MORTIMER: 
Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Muiriartach, meaning "mariner, seaman."
English surname transferred to forename use, from the Norman baronial name Mortemer, composed of the Old French elements morte "dead" and mer "sea," hence "dead sea," which may have referred to either the biblical Dead Sea or a stagnant marsh.
MORTON: English surname transferred to forename use, from the name of various places derived from Old English mortun, meaning "settlement on the moor." 
MORTY: Pet form of English Morton "settlement on the moor," and Mortimer "dead sea."
MOSE: Short form of English Moses, meaning "drawn out."
MOSÈ: Italian form of English Moses, meaning "drawn out."
MOSES: Anglicized form of Hebrew Moshe and Greek Mouses, meaning "drawn out." In the bible, this is the name of the leader who brought the Israelites out of bondage and led them to the promised land. 
MOSS: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from medieval Jewish Moss (2), meaning "drawn out." Compare with another form of Moss.
MURDANIE: Pet form of English Murdoch, meaning "sea warrior."
MURDIE: Pet form of English Murdoch, meaning "sea warrior."
MURDO: Pet form of English Murdoch, meaning "sea warrior."
MURDOCH: Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Muireadhach, meaning "sea warrior."
MURDOCK: Scottish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Muireadhach, meaning "sea warrior."
MURDY: Pet form of English Murdoch, meaning "sea warrior."
MURGATROYD: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from a place name meaning "the clearing belonging to Margaret."
MURPHY: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Murchadha "descendant of Murchadh," hence "sea-warrior."
MURRAY: Scottish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Muireach, meaning "sea warrior."
MURTAGH: Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Muircheartaigh "descendant of Muircheartach," hence "skilled seaman." Compare with another form of Murtagh.
MURTY: Pet form of English Murdock, meaning "sea warrior."
MYLES: Variant spelling of English Miles, meaning "son of Mile."
MYRON (Μύρων): Greek name adopted by early English Christians because of its association with the gift of myrrh given to Jesus by the Magi, derived from the Greek word myron, meaning "myrrh."
NAFTALI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Naphtaliy, meaning "my strife" or "wrestling." 
NAHOR: Anglicized form of Greek Nachor (Hebrew Nachowr), meaning "snoring" or "snorting." In the bible, this is the name of the son of Terah and brother of Abraham. Compare with another form of Nahor.
NAHUM: Anglicized form of Hebrew Nachuwm, meaning "comfort." In the bible, this is the name of a minor prophet who foretold the fall of Nineveh.
NANDY: Pet form of English Ferdinand, meaning "ardent for peace."
NAPHTALI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Naphtaliy, meaning "my strife" or "wrestling." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Jacob and Bilhah.
NASH: English topographic surname transferred to forename use, derived from Middle English atten ash ("at the ash"), hence "lives by an ash tree."
NAT: Short form of English Nathan "a giver" or "given of God" and Nathaniel "given of God." Compare with another form of Nat.
NATHAN: Anglicized form of Greek Natham, meaning "a giver" or "given of God." In the bible, this is the name of a son of David. Compare with another form of Nathan.
NATHANIEL: English form of Greek Nathanael, meaning "given of God" or "whom God gave." In the New Testament bible, this is the name of an apostle, probably the same person as Bartholomew.
NEAL: Variant spelling of English Neil, meaning "champion."
NEAS: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Eighneachan, possibly meaning "man of force."
NEBUCHADNEZZAR: Anglicized form of Hebrew Nebuwkadnetstsar, meaning "Nebo, defend my crown" or "Nebo, defend my firstborn son." In the bible, this is the name of a ruler of Babylon who conquered Judah and Jerusalem and destroyed temples.
NEBUCHADREZZAR: Anglicized form of Hebrew Nebuwkadnetstsar, meaning "Nebo, defend my crown" or "Nebo, defend my firstborn son." In the bible, this is the name of a ruler of Babylon who conquered Judah and Jerusalem and destroyed temples.
NEDABIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Nedabyah, meaning "whom Jehovah impels." In the bible, this is the name of one of the sons of king Jehoiachin of Judah.
NED: Pet form of English Edward, meaning "guardian of prosperity."
NEELY: Pet form of English Neal, meaning "champion."
NEHEMIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Nechemyah, meaning "Jehovah comforts" or "whom Jehovah comforts." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a governor of Judah under the Persian king Artachshatra.
NEIL: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Niall, arrived at this form via Norman French Nel, meaning "champion." 
NEILL: Variant spelling of English Neil, meaning "champion."
NEKODA: Anglicized form of Hebrew Neqowda, meaning "distinguished." In the bible, this is the name of the head of a family of Babylonian exiles.
NELSON: English patronymic surname transferred to forename use, meaning "son of Neil."
NEO: Modern English name derived from the Greek word neos, meaning "new." Compare with another form of Neo.
NETHANEEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Nethanel, meaning "given of God" or "whom God gave." In the Old Testament bible, this is the name of many characters, including the fourth son of Jesse.
NETHANIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Nethanyah, meaning "given of Jehovah" or "whom Jehovah gave." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including the father of the murderer of Gedaliah.
NEVADA: English unisex name derived from the U.S. state name, meaning "snow-capped."
NEVAN: Variant spelling of English Nevin, meaning either "little bone" or "little saint."
NEVIL: Variant spelling of English Neville, meaning "new town."
NEVILLE: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from a Norman baronial name meaning "new town."
NEVIN: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of either Gaelic Cnámhín, a nickname for a skinny man meaning "little bone," or from Gaelic Naomhán, meaning "little saint."
NEWT: Short form of English Newton, meaning "new settlement."
NEWTON: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the name of various places composed of the Old English elements neowe "new" and tun "enclosure, settlement," hence "new settlement."
NIC: English short form of Latin Dominic "belongs to the lord" and English Nicholas "victor of the people." 
NICHOLAS: 
Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Aonghus, meaning "excellent valor."
English form of French Nicolas, meaning "victor of the people." 
NICK: Short form of English Nicholas/Nickolas, meaning "victor of the people."
NICKOLAS: Variant spelling of English Nicholas, meaning "victor of the people."
NICKY: Unisex pet form of English Nichole and Nicholas, meaning "victor of the people."
NIDHOGG: Anglicized form of Old Norse Níðhöggr, meaning "dreaded striker." In mythology, this is the name of a dragon or serpent who gnaws at the roots of the world tree Yggdrasill.
NIEL: Variant spelling of English Neil, meaning "champion." Compare with another form of Niel.
NIGEL: Middle English form of Latin Nigellus, meaning "champion."
NILES: English patronymic surname transferred to forename use, meaning "son of Neal."
NIMBUS: Modern English name derived from the vocabulary word, nimbus, originally meaning "bright cloud surrounding a god," from Latin nimbus "cloud." It may also be related to nebula "cloud, mist." 
NIMROD: Anglicized form of Hebrew Nimrowd, meaning "rebel." In the bible, this is the name of a great-grandson of Noah who was a renowned hunter.
NIVEK: Modern English name created by spelling Kevin ("little comely one") backwards.
NIVEN: Anglicized form of Irish Naomhán, meaning either "little saint."
NOAH: Anglicized form of Greek Noe (Hebrew Noach), meaning "rest." In the bible, this is the name of the last antediluvian patriarch, the main character of the flood story. Compare with feminine Noah.
NOBLE: English name derived from the vocabulary word, from Latin nobilis, meaning "noble."
NOEL: English form of French Noël, meaning "day of birth."
NOGAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Nogahh, meaning "shining splendor," as of the fire or the sun. In the bible, this is the name of a son of King David.  
NOLAN: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Ó Nualláin "descendant of Nuallán," hence "little champion" or "little chariot fighter."
NOLAND: Variant spelling of English Nolan, meaning "little champion" or "little chariot fighter."
NOLL: Medieval pet form of English Oliver, probably meaning "elf army."
NORM: Short form of English Norman, meaning "northman."
NORMAN: English form of Teutonic Nordemann, meaning "northman."
NORMAND: English form of Norwegian Normund, meaning "north protection."
NORRIE: Pet form of English Norman, meaning "northman."
NORRIS: English surname transferred to forename use, from the Old Norman French word norreis, meaning "from the north."
NORTON: English surname transferred to forename use, from the name of numerous places composed of the Old English elements norð "north" and tun "enclosure, settlement," hence "northern settlement."
NORWOOD: English surname transferred to forename use, from the name of various places composed of the Old English elements norð "north" and wudu "wood," hence "north wood."
NOWELL: Variant spelling of English Noel, meaning "day of birth."
NUN: Anglicized form of Hebrew Nuwn, meaning "fish." In the bible, this is the name of the father of Joshua.
OBADIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Obadyah, meaning "servant of God." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including a minor prophet.
OBED: Anglicized form of Hebrew Owbed, meaning "serving, worshiping." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a son of Ruth. 

OBED-EDOM: Anglicized form of Hebrew Obed Edown, meaning "servant of Edom" or "he who serves the Edomites." In the bible, this is the name of a Levite and a Gittite.

OBERON: English form of French Auberon, meaning "elf ruler." In Shakespeare's "A Midsummer Night's Dream," this was the name of the king of the fairies.
OCEAN: English unisex name derived from the vocabulary word, from Latin oceanus, from Greek okeanos, meaning "ocean."
ODED: Anglicized form of Hebrew Owded, meaning "restorer." In the bible, this is the name of the father of Azariah, and the name of a prophet who lived in the time of King Ahaz.
ODELL: English surname transferred to forename use, from a place name composed of the Old English elements wad "woad (a plant yielding blue dye)" and hyll "hill," hence "woad hill."
ODRAN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Odhrán, meaning "little sallow one." 
OFER: Variant spelling of English Ofir, meaning "gold" or "reducing to ashes."

OFIR: Variant spelling of English Ophir, meaning "gold" or "reducing to ashes."

OGDEN: English habitational surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements ac "oak" and denu "valley," hence "oak valley."

OLI: Short form of English Oliver, probably meaning "elf army."

OLIVER: English form of French Olivier, probably meaning "elf army."

OLLIE: Unisex pet form of English Oliver and Olivia, both probably meaning "elf army."

OMAR: Anglicized form of Hebrew Owmar, meaning "eloquent, talkative" or "speaker." In the bible, this is the name of a grandson of Esau. Compare with another form of Omar.

OMEGA (Ωμέγα): English unisex name derived from the last letter of the Greek alphabet. This name was used occasionally by Victorian parents for a "last-born child." 

OMRI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Omriy, meaning "pupil of Jehovah" or "servant of Jehovah." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a king of Israel.

ON: Anglicized form of Hebrew Own, meaning "vigor" or "wealth." In the bible, this is the name of a leader of the Korah group.

ONAM: Anglicized form of Hebrew Ownam, meaning "vigorous, strong." In the bible, this is the name of the father of Jada. 

OPHER: Variant spelling of English Ophir, meaning "gold" or "reducing to ashes."

OPHIR: Anglicized form of Hebrew Owphiyr, meaning "gold" or "reducing to ashes." In the bible, this is the name for gold and its characteristics, the name of a land or city, and the name of the eleventh son of Joktan.

ORA: English unisex name derived from Latin orare, meaning "to pray." Compare with strictly feminine Ora.

ORAN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Odhrán, meaning "little sallow one." Compare with another form of Oran.

ORIAN: Anglicized form of Middle Welsh Urien, meaning "privileged birth."

ORMEROD: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old Norse name Ormarr and Old English rod "clearing," hence "Ormarr's clearing."

ORMOND: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Ruaidh, meaning "descendant of Ruadh."

ORMONDE: Variant spelling of English Ormond, meaning "descendant of Ruadh."

ORRELL: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements ora "ore" and hyll "hill," hence "ore hill."

ORRIN: Variant spelling of English Oran, meaning "little sallow one."

ORSON: English surname transferred to forename use, from an old Norman French byname, ourson, a diminutive of ours "bear," hence "little bear" or "bear cub."

ORVAL: Variant spelling of English Orville, probably meaning "golden city."

ORVILLE: English literary name created by Fanny Burney, author of the 1778 novel Evelina, probably intended to mean "golden city."

OSBERT: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Osbeorht, meaning "god-bright."
OSBORN: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Osbeorn, meaning "divine-bear."
OSBOURNE: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from a variant of Osborn, meaning "divine-bear."
OSCAR: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Osgar, meaning "god-spear." Compare with another form of Oscar.
OSGOOD: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the Anglo-Saxon personal name Osgod, meaning "divine Gaut."
OSMAN: Variant spelling of English Osmond, meaning "divine protection." Compare with another form of Osman.
OSMOND: English form of Anglo-Saxon Osmund, meaning "divine protection." 
OSSIAN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Oisín, meaning "little deer."
OSWALD: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Osweald, meaning "divine power" or "divine ruler."
OTHELLO: English name created by Shakespeare and thought to probably have been inspired by Italian Thorello ("young bull"), perhaps changing only the first element from Thor- to Otho, hence "rich youth."
OTHNIEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Othniyel, meaning "lion of God." In the bible, this is the name of the son of Kenaz.
OTIS: English surname transferred to forename use, meaning "son of Otto."
OTNIEL: Variant spelling of English Othniel, meaning "lion of God." 
OTTIS: Variant spelling of English Otis, meaning "son of Otto."
OWEN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Eóghan, meaning "born of yew." Compare with another form of Owen.
OZ: English short form of longer names beginning with Os-, meaning "god." Compare with another form of Oz.
OZZIE: Variant spelling of Middle English Oswald, meaning "divine power" or "divine ruler."
OZZY: Variant spelling of Middle English Ozzie, meaning "divine power" or "divine ruler."
PADDY: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Paidí, meaning "patrician; of noble birth."
PADEN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Páidín, meaning "little patrician" or "little noble."
PACE: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the French personal name Pascal, meaning "Passover; Easter."
PACEY: Pet form of English Pace, meaning "Passover; Easter."
PAGE: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from a status name for a young boy who was apprenticed to a knight, hence "page; young servant."
PAHATH-MOAB: Anglicized form of Hebrew Pachath-mowab, meaning "governor of Moab" and "pit of Moab." In the bible, this is the name of an ancestor of a family of Babylonian exiles, and the name of the father of Hashub. 
PAISE: Short form of English unisex Paisley, meaning "church." 
PAISLEY: Scottish surname transferred to unisex forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Pàislig, possibly derived from Late Latin basilica, meaning "church."
PALLU: Anglicized form of Hebrew Palluw, meaning "distinguished." In the bible, this is the name of the second son of Reuben.
PALMER: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from Latin palma, meaning "palm tree." Before it was a surname, Palmer was an old byname for "a pilgrim," someone who had been on a pilgrimage to the Holy Land and brought back a palm branch as proof that they had actually been there.
PALU: Variant spelling of English Pallu, meaning "distinguished."
PANCRAS: Medieval English name derived from Latin Pancratius, meaning "all power."
PARIS: Modern English unisex name derived from the French capital city, Paris, from the name of a Gaulish tribe called the Parisii, who once lived on the site. Compare with another form of Paris.
PARKER: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, from Middle English parc "park," hence "park-keeper." Note: in the Middle Ages a park was an enclosed area where the park-owner hunted game.
PARRIS: Variant spelling of English unisex Paris, derived from the name of the French capital city, Paris, from the name of a Gaulish tribe called the Parisii, who once lived on the site. 
PARRY: 
Variant spelling of English Perry, meaning "wanderer."
Welsh surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of ap Harry, meaning "son of Harry."
PAT: English unisex short form of English Patrick and Latin Patricia, meaning "patrician; of noble birth."
PATRICK: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Pádraig, meaning "patrician; of noble descent." 
PATSY: English unisex name meaning "patrician; of noble birth." It is a pet form of both English Patrick and Latin Patricia. 
PAUL: English and French form of Latin Paulus, meaning "small." In the bible, this is the name of the author of the 14 epistles of the New Testament.
PAULIE: English pet form of English/French Paul, meaning "small."
PAYTON: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, from the name of a place composed of the Old English name Pæga and the word tun "enclosure, settlement," hence "Pæga's settlement."
PEARCE: Variant spelling of English Piers, meaning "rock, stone."
PEERS: Variant spelling of English Piers, meaning "rock, stone."
PEKAHIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Peqachyah, meaning "Jehovah sees" or "whose eyes Jehovah opened." In the bible, this is the name of a king of Samaria, the son of king Menahem.
PERCE: Short form of English Percival, meaning "pierced valley."
PERCIVAL: English form of French Percevel, meaning "pierced valley." In Arthurian legend, this is the name of the pure and innocent knight of King Arthur's court who was known as "the Welshman." He was the son of King Pellinore, and brother to Dindrane and Sirs Aglovale, Dornar, Lamorak, and Tor. After the death of his father, his mother raised him in the forest away from the ways of men. When he was 15 a group of knights passed through the forest and Percival was awe-struck by their appearance. He then traveled to Arthur's court in the hope of becoming a knight himself. He was most noted for having succeeded in the Quest for the Holy Grail. 
PERCY: English surname transferred to forename use, originally a Norman French baronial name derived from the Gallo-Roman personal name Persius (probably meaning "soldier"), but reanalyzed as a compound of Old French perce(r) "pierced" and haie "hedge," hence "pierced hedge." The name is often used as a pet form of Percival, meaning "pierced valley."
PEREGRINE: English name derived from Latin Peregrinus, meaning "wanderer."
PERRY: Pet form of English Peregrine, meaning "wanderer." In some cases, it may be the transferred use of the topographic surname, meaning "lives by a pear tree."
PETE: Short form of English Peter, meaning "rock, stone."
PETER: 
Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Pàdraig, meaning "patrician, of noble descent."
English form of Latin Petrus, meaning "rock, stone." In the bible, this is the name of one of Christ's apostles. The name was given by Jesus to Simon son of Jona, to distinguish him from Simon Zelotes. 
PETERKIN: Pet form of English Peter, meaning "rock, stone."
PEYTON: Variant spelling of English unisex Payton, meaning "Pæga's settlement."
PHALLU: Anglicized form of Hebrew Palluw, meaning "distinguished." In the bible, this is the name of the second son of Reuben.
PHARAOH: Anglicized form of Greek Pharao ("his nakedness") and Hebrew Paroh ("great house"). In the bible, this is a title for the king of Egypt.
PHELAN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Faolán, meaning "little wolf."
PHELIM: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Féidhlim, possibly meaning "hospitable."
PHIL: Short form of English Philip, meaning "lover of horses."
PHILANDER: English name derived from Latin Philandrus, meaning "with love for people. 
PHILIP: 
Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Féidhlim, possibly meaning "hospitable."
Anglicized form of Greek Philippos (Latin Philippus), meaning "lover of horses." In the bible, this is the name of one of the 12 apostles of Jesus, and several other characters.
PHILIPE: Variant spelling of English Philip, meaning "lover of horses."
PHILLIP: Variant spelling of English Philip, meaning "lover of horses."
PHILO: English and German name derived from Greek Philon, meaning "to love." Also used as a short form of other names beginning with Philo-.
PHINEAS: Variant spelling of English Phinehas, meaning "mouth of brass." 
PHINEHAS: Anglicized form of Hebrew Piynechac, a form of Egyptian Panhsj ("the Nubian"), but translated from Hebrew pinechac, meaning "mouth of brass." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a son of Eleazar. 
PHOENIX: Latin form of Greek Phoinix, meaning "crimson." In mythology, this is the name of an immortal bird who would rise from its own ashes after being consumed by fire every 500 years. The name has been adopted into English use as a unisex name.
PIERCE: Variant spelling of English Piers, meaning "rock, stone."
PIERRE: French form of Latin Petrus, meaning "rock, stone."
PIERS: Middle English form of French Pierres, meaning "rock, stone."
PIP: Pet form of English Philip, meaning "lover of horses."
PIPER: English occupational surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from Middle English pipere, meaning "pipe-player."
PIPPIN: English variant of French Pépin, meaning "seed of a fruit."
PLACID: English name derived from Latin Placidus, meaning "calm, placid."
POMPEY: English form of Roman Latin Pompeius, possibly meaning "display, solemn procession." 
PORTER: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, meaning "doorkeeper."
PREMISLAS: Anglicized form of Latin Premislaus, meaning "cunning."
PREMYSLAS: Anglicized form of Latin Premislaus, meaning "cunning."
PRESTON: English surname transferred to forename use, from the name of numerous places composed of the Old English elements preost "priest" and tun "enclosure, settlement," hence "priest's settlement."
PRICE: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the Middle English element pris, meaning "price" or "prize." 
PRINCE: English name derived from the title, prince, from Latin princeps, meaning "chief, first." 
PROSPER: English name derived from Latin Prosperus, meaning "fortunate, successful."
QUIN: Short form of English Quinton, meaning "fifth."
QUINCEY: Variant spelling of English Quincy, meaning "fifth."
QUINCY: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the Norman baronial name Cuinchy, a derivative of Roman Quintus, meaning "fifth."
QUINLAN: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Caoindealbhán "descendant of Caoindealbhán," hence "little fair-formed one."
QUINN: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Coinn "descendant of Conn," hence "chief, freeman, head, hound, intelligence, strength."
QUINTON: English surname transferred to forename use, from the name of several places composed of the Old English elements cwen "queen" and tun "enclosure, settlement," hence "queen's settlement." Compare with another form of Quinton.
RADCLIFF: English surname transferred to forename use, from the name of various places composed of the Old English elements read "red" and clif "cliff, slope, riverbank," hence "red cliff."
RADCLYFFE: Variant spelling of English Radcliff, meaning "red cliff."
RADLEY: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the name of a place composed of the Old English elements read "red" and leah "clearing, meadow," hence "red meadow."
RAE: Variant spelling of English Ray, meaning "wise protector." 
RAFE: Medieval form of English Ralph, meaning "wise wolf."
RAIN: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from a German short form of various names containing the element ragin ("advice, counsel"), hence "wise." Compare with feminine Rain.
RAINARD: Variant spelling of English Reynard, meaning "wise ruler."
RALEIGH: English surname transferred to forename use, from the name of a place in Devon composed of the Old English elements read "red" and leah "clearing, meadow," hence "red meadow."
RALPH: English form of Norman French Raulf, meaning "wise wolf."
RALPHIE: Pet form of English Ralph, meaning "wise wolf."
RAMA: Anglicized form of Greek Rhama (Hebrew Ramah), meaning "a lofty place." In the bible, this is the name of many places, including a place of battle between Israel and Syria, and the name of a town of the tribe of Benjamin. Compare with another form of Rama.
RANALD: Scottish Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Raghnall, meaning "wise ruler."
RANDAL: Medieval form of English Randolf, meaning "shield-wolf."
RANDALL: Variant spelling of English Randal, meaning "shield-wolf."
RANDELL: Variant spelling of English Randal, meaning "shield-wolf."
RANDOLF: Variant spelling of Middle English Randulf, meaning "shield-wolf." Compare with other forms of Randolf.
RANDOLPH: Modern English form of Middle English Randolf, meaning "shield-wolf."
RANDULF: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Randwulf, meaning "shield-wolf."
RANDY: Pet form of English Randall and Randolph, both meaning "shield-wolf." Compare with feminine Randy.
RASHAUN: Elaborated form of English Shaun, meaning "God is gracious."
RASHAWN: Elaborated form of English Shawn, meaning "God is gracious."
RASTUS: Short form of Latin Erastus, meaning "beloved." 
RAVEN: English unisex name derived from the bird name, raven, from Old English hræfn, so-called from the harsh sounds it makes.
RAY: Short form of English Raymond, meaning "wise protector."
RAYMOND: English form of Old French Raimund, meaning "wise protector." 
RAYMUND: Variant spelling of English Raymond, meaning "wise protector."
RAYNARD: Variant spelling of English Reynard, meaning "wise and strong."
RAYNER: English form of German Rainer, meaning "wise warrior."
READ: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from an Old English byname, Red, meaning "red-headed or ruddy-complexioned." 
REAGAN: Irish surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Riagáin, "descendant of Riagán," hence "furious, impulsive."
REARDEN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Rórdán, meaning "little poet-king."
RED: Old English byname transferred to forename use, derived from the word read ("red"), hence "red-headed; ruddy complexioned." 
REDD: Variant spelling of English Red, meaning "red-headed; ruddy complexioned."
REDMOND: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Réamann, meaning "wise protector."
REDMUND: Variant spelling of English Redmond, meaning "wise protector."
REECE: Variant spelling of English Reese, meaning "ardor, heat of passion."
REED: Variant spelling of English Read, meaning "red-headed; ruddy complexioned."
REES: Anglicized form of Welsh Rhys, meaning "ardor, heat of passion."
REESE: Anglicized form of Welsh Rhys, meaning "ardor, heat of passion."
REG: Short form of English Reginald, meaning "wise ruler."
REGGIE: Pet form of English Reginald, meaning "wise ruler."
REGINALD: English name derived from Latin Reginaldus, meaning "wise ruler."
REGINOLD: Variant spelling of English Reginald, meaning "wise ruler." 
REHOBOAM: Anglicized form of Hebrew Rechabam, meaning "who enlarges the people." In the bible, this is the name of the son and successor of Solomon, who governed the kingdom of Judah.
REID: Variant spelling of English Read, meaning "red-headed; ruddy complexioned." 
REILLY: Variant spelling of English unisex Riley, meaning "rye clearing. 
REUBEN: Anglicized form of Greek Rhouben (Hebrew Reuwben), meaning "behold, a son!" In the bible, this is the name of the eldest son of Jacob and Leah.
REUBHEN: Variant spelling of English Reuben, meaning "behold a son!"
REUEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Rəuwel, meaning "friend of God." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a son of Esau. In the Book of Enoch, this name is included as one of the seven archangels. He is known as the archangel of fairness, harmony, and justice; he oversees the other angels to make sure that they are all working peacefully together with mankind. All angels and archangels who transgress must face this angel who passes judgment and issues punishment. He belongs to the choir of Principalities and is mainly focused on keeping heaven pure of corruption. He is the angel who carried Enoch to heaven and back to earth. He is identified with the angel of the 5th Seal in Revelation 6:9-11, and is believed to be the angel who opens the bottomless pit. He is also sometimes identified with Abaddon, an angel believed by some to be the devil. There are references to a similar figure in Babylonian texts which refer to him as Rag or Ragumu, and in Sumerian texts as Rig. 
REX: 19th century English name derived from Latin rex, meaning "king."
REYNARD: English form of Norman French Reynaud, meaning "wise ruler."
RHETT: American English surname transferred to forename use, derived from Dutch de Raedt, from Middle Dutch raet, meaning "advice."
RICH: Short form of English Richard, meaning "powerful ruler."
RICHARD: English form of Norman French Richaud, meaning "powerful ruler."
RICHIE: Pet form of English Richard, meaning "powerful ruler."
RICK: Pet form of English Richard, meaning "powerful ruler."
RICKEY: Variant spelling of English Ricky, meaning "powerful ruler."
RICKI: Variant spelling of English Rickie, meaning "powerful ruler." 
RICKIE: Variant spelling of English Ricky, meaning "powerful ruler."
RICKY: Pet form of English Richard, meaning "powerful ruler."
RIDLEY: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the name of various places composed of the Old English elements hreod "reeds" and leah "clearing, meadow," hence "reed meadow."
RIEL: Short form of English Gabriel, meaning "man of God" or "warrior of God."
RIGBY: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from a place name composed of the Old Norse elements hryggr "ridge" and býr "farm, settlement," hence "ridge settlement."
RIK: Variant spelling of English Rick, meaning "powerful ruler."
RIKKI: Variant spelling of English Ricky, meaning "powerful ruler."
RILEY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from a place name composed of the Old English elements ryge "rye" and leah "clearing, meadow," hence "rye meadow."
RIMMON: Anglicized form of Hebrew Rimmown, meaning "pomegranate." In the bible, this is the name of several places, the name of a Benjamite of Beeroth. 
RIMON: Unisex form of English Rimmon, meaning "pomegranate." 
RIO: English unisex name derived from the Spanish word for "river."
RIORDAN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Rórdán, meaning "little poet-king."
RIPLEY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, from the name of various places composed of the Old English elements ripel "strip of land" and leah "clearing, meadow," hence "cleared strip of land."
RITCHIE: Variant spelling of English Richie, meaning "powerful ruler."
ROB: Short form of English Robert, meaning "bright fame."
ROBBIE: Unisex pet form of English Robert and Roberta, meaning "bright fame." 
ROBBY: Pet form of English Robert, meaning "bright fame." 
ROBERT: English form of Anglo-Saxon Hreodbeorht, meaning "bright fame." Compare with another form of Robert.
ROBIN: Unisex pet form of English Robert and Roberta, meaning "bright fame." This name is also sometimes given as a bird name.
ROCKY: Originally a byname for a tough guy, this name was used by the boxing champion Rocky Marciano as an English form of his Italian name Rocco, "rest," which he felt would be more suitable as a name for a fighter.
ROD: Short form of English Roderick "famous power" and Rodney "Hroda's fen/island."
RODDY:  Pet form of English Roderick, meaning "famous power," "red king," or "reddish-brown." Also used as a pet form of many other names beginning with Rod-.
RODERIC: Variant spelling of English Roderick, meaning "famous power."
RODERICK:
Anglicized form of Old Welsh Rhydderch, meaning "reddish-brown."
English form of Old High German Hrodric, meaning "famous power."
Scottish Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Ruaidhrí, meaning "red king."
RODGE: Short form of English Rodger, meaning "famous spear."
RODGER: Variant spelling of English Roger, meaning "famous spear." Compare with another form of Rodger.
RODNEY: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from a place name composed of the Germanic name Hroda and the word eg "fen, island," hence "Hroda's fen/island."
ROGER: Norman English form of Anglo-Saxon Hroðgar, meaning "famous spear." 
ROHAN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Ruadhán, meaning "little red one." Compare with another form of Rohan.
ROLF: Contracted form of Old High German Hrodwulf, meaning "famous wolf." This name came into Middle English use via the Normans. Compare with other forms of Rolf.
ROLLAND: English variant spelling of Norman French Roland, meaning "famous land."
ROLLO: Pet form of English Rolland, meaning "famous land." Compare with another form of Rollo.
ROLLY: Pet form of English Rolland, meaning "famous land."
ROLO: Variant spelling of English Rollo, meaning "famous land."
ROLY: Variant spelling of English Rolly, meaning "famous land."
ROMAN: English name derived from Latin Romanus, meaning "Roman." Compare with other forms of Roman.
RON: Short form of English/Scottish Ronald, meaning "wise ruler." Compare with another form of Ron.
RONALD: English and Scottish name derived from Old Norse Rögnvaldr, meaning "wise ruler."
RONNIE: Pet form of English/Scottish Ronald, meaning "wise ruler." Compare with feminine Ronnie.
RONNY: Variant spelling of English/Scottish Ronnie, meaning "wise ruler."
RORIE: Variant spelling of English Rory, meaning "red king."
RORY: 
Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Ruairí, meaning "red king."
Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Ruaraidh, meaning "red king."
ROSCOE: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from a place name composed of the Old Norse elements rá "roe-deer" and skógr "copse, wood," hence "roe-deer wood."
ROSS: Scottish surname transferred to forename use, derived from the Gaelic word ros, meaning "headland, promontory."
ROWAN: Irish surname transferred to forename use, derived from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ruadhán, meaning "little red one." Compare with feminine Rowan.
ROWLAND: Medieval English form of Norman French Roland, meaning "famous land."
ROWLEY: Pet form of English Rowland, meaning "famous land." 
ROY: Compare with another form of Roy.
Short form of English Royal "king" or Royle "rye hill."
Scottish Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Ruadh, meaning "red."
ROYAL: English name derived from the vocabulary word, from Latin regalis, meaning "king."
ROYALE: Variant spelling of English Royal, meaning "king."
ROYCE: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the medieval feminine name Royse, which is probably a horse-related name.
ROYLE: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from a place name composed of the Old English elements ryge "rye" and hyll "hill," hence "rye hill."
ROYSTON: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from a place name known in the Middle Ages as "settlement of Royce."
RUBE: Pet form of English Reuben, meaning "behold, a son!" 
RUBY: Pet form of English Reuben, meaning "behold, a son." Compare with feminine Ruby.
RUDOLPH: English name derived from Latin Rudolphus, meaning "famous wolf."
RUDY: Pet form of English Rudolph, meaning "famous wolf."
RUDYARD: English surname transferred to forename use, meaning "red paddock" or "red yard." 
RUSS: Short form of English Russell, meaning "little red one."
RUSSEL: Variant spelling of English Russell, meaning "little red one."
RUSSELL: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the Old French byname Rousel, meaning "little red one."
RUSTY: Byname for someone with "rust-colored hair," derived from the English vocabulary word rust. 
RYAN: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Riain ("descendant of Rian"), hence "little king."
RYLAN: English name derived from the surname Ryland, meaning "rye land."
RYLEY: Masculine form of English unisex Riley, meaning "rye clearing."
SACHIE: Pet form of English Sacheverell, meaning "roe-buck leap."
SAGE: English unisex name which can mean either "sage (the spice)" or "profoundly wise one."
SALADIN: Anglicized form of Arabic Salah-al-Din, meaning "righteous faith."
SALAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Shelach, meaning "a missile, weapon." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Arphaxad. Compare with another form of Salah.
SALAL: English unisex name derived from the name of the "Salal berry plant" used in making jams and jellies.
SALATHIEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Shealtiyel, meaning "borrowed from God." In the bible, this is the name of the father of Zerubbabel.
SALMON: Anglicized form of Hebrew Tsalmown, meaning "shady." In the bible, this is the name of one of king David's warriors.
SAM: Unisex short form of English Samantha and Samuel, both meaning "heard of God," "his name is El," or "name of God."
SAMMIE: Variant spelling of English unisex Sammy, meaning "heard of God," "his name is El," or "name of God."
SAMMY: Unisex pet form of English Samantha and Samuel, both meaning "heard of God," "his name is El," or "name of God."
SAMSON: Anglicized form of Greek Sampson (Hebrew Shimshown), meaning "like the sun." In the bible, this is the name of a powerful hero who was betrayed by his mistress Delila.
SAMUEL: Anglicized form of Greek Samouel (Hebrew Shemuwel), meaning "heard of God," "his name is El," or "name of God." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Elkanah by Hannah.
SANDER: Short form of English Alexander, meaning "defender of mankind." 
SANDFORD: Variant spelling of English Sanford, meaning "sand ford."
SANDY: English unisex pet form of Latin Alexandra and English Alexander, both meaning "defender of mankind."
SANFORD: English surname transferred to forename use, from the name of numerous places composed of the Old English elements sand "sand" and ford "ford," hence "sandy river crossing."
SAWYER: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, derived from Middle English saghier, meaning "to saw."
SAXON: From a medieval English name for someone "from Saxony." The Saxons were a Germanic tribe who got their name from the word seax, a kind of "single-edged knife." 
SCHUYLER: Dutch surname transferred to English unisex forename use, meaning "protection, shelter." 
SCOT: Variant spelling of English Scott, meaning "Scotsman."
SCOTT: Old English surname transferred to forename use, derived from an old byname for a "Scotsman."
SCOTTIE: Pet form of English Scott, meaning "Scotsman."
SCOTTY: Variant spelling of English Scottie, meaning "Scotsman."
SEAMOUR: Variant spelling of English Seymour, meaning "St. Maurus."
SEAN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Seán, meaning "God is gracious."
SEBASTIAN: English form of French Sébastien, meaning "from Sebaste," a town in Asia Minor. 
SEFTON: English surname transferred to forename use, from a place name composed of Old Norse sef "rush" and Old English run "enclosure, settlement," hence "rush settlement."
SEIR: Anglicized form of Hebrew Seiyr, meaning "hairy, rough." In the bible, this is the name of several place, and the name of a patriarch of the Horites.
SELA (סֶלַע): Anglicized form of Hebrew Cela, meaning "a rock." In the Old Testament bible, this is the name of the capital city of Edom, possibly an early name for Petra. In use as a unisex name.
SELAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Cela, meaning "a rock." In the Old Testament bible, this is the name of the capital city of Edom, possibly an early name for Petra. In use as a unisex name.
SELBY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from a place name composed of the Old Norse elements selja "willow" and býr "farm, settlement," hence "willow settlement."
SENNACHERIB: Anglicized form of Hebrew Cancheriyb, meaning "Sin (the moon god) has taken the place of brothers to me." In the bible, this is the name of a king of Assyria, son of Sargon II.
SEPTEMBER: English unisex name derived from the month name, which was originally the seventh month of the Roman year, meaning "seventh."
SETH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Sheth, meaning "buttocks." In the bible, this is the name of the third son of Adam and Eve. Compare with other forms of Seth.
SEWARD: English surname transferred to forename use, from a Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Siweard, meaning "sea guard." 
SEYMOUR: English surname transferred to forename use, from the Norman baronial name Saint-Maur, meaning "St. Maurus."
SHAD: Variant spelling of English Chad, possibly meaning "battle." Compare with another form of Shad.
SHALLUM: Anglicized form of Hebrew Shalluwm, meaning "retribution." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including the husband of Huldah the prophetess.
SHAMER: Anglicized form of Hebrew Shamuwr, meaning "a message, tidings" or "that which is heard." In the bible, this is the name of a Levite.
SHAMIR: 
Anglicized form of Hebrew Shamuwr, meaning "a message, tidings" or "that which is heard." In the bible, this is the name of a Levite.
Anglicized form of Hebrew Shamiyr, meaning "a sharp point," hence "thorn." In the bible, this is the name of two towns.
SHAMUS: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Séamus, meaning "supplanter."
SHANE: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Seán, meaning "God is gracious."
SHANNEN: Variant spelling of English unisex Shannon, meaning "old river" or "river of wisdom."
SHANNON: English unisex name derived from the name of a river in Ireland, composed of the Gaelic elements sean "old, wise" and abhann "river," hence "old river" or "river of wisdom."
SHAQUILLE: English variant spelling of Arabic Shakil, meaning "handsome."
SHAUL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Shauwl, meaning "asked for, desired." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including the first king of Israel.
SHAUN: Variant spelling of English Shawn, meaning "God is gracious."
SHAW: 
Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Seaghdh, meaning "hawk-like."
English surname transferred to forename use, meaning "copse, wood."
SHAWN: Variant spelling of English Sean, meaning "God is gracious."
SHAY: Variant spelling of English unisex Shea, possibly meaning "hawk-like." Compare with another form of Shay.
SHAYE: Variant spelling of English unisex Shea, possibly meaning "hawk-like."
SHAYNE: Variant spelling of English Shane, meaning "God is gracious."
SHEA: Irish surname transferred to unisex forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Séaghdha ("descendant of Séaghdha"), possibly meaning "hawk-like." 
SHEALTIEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Shealtiyel, meaning "borrowed from God." In the bible, this is the name of the father of Zerubbabel.
SHEAMUS: Variant spelling of English Shamus, meaning "supplanter."
SHELAH: Hebrew name meaning "a petition, prayer." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Judah. Compare with another form of Shelah.
SHELBY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from a place name composed of the Middle English elements schele "hut" and by "farm, settlement," hence "settlement of huts."
SHELDON: English surname transferred to forename use, from the name of a place in Derbyshire which was recorded in the Domesday Book as Scelhadun, composed of Old English scylf "shelf" and the place name Haddon (from hæð "heathland, heather, wasteland" + dun "hill"), hence "steep-sided heather hill." 
SHELL: Short form of English unisex Shelley, meaning "clearing near a ledge/slope."
SHELLEY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from the name of various places meaning "clearing near a ledge/slope."
SHELOMI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Shelomiy, meaning "my peace" or "peaceful." In the bible, this is the name of the father of a leader of the tribe of Asher.
SHELTON: English surname transferred to forename use, from various place names composed of the Old English elements scylf "shelf" and tun "enclosure, settlement," hence "shelf settlement."
SHELUMIEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Shelumiyel, meaning "friend of God." In the bible, this is the name of a prince of the tribe of Simeon.
SHEMAIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Shemayah, meaning "whom Jehovah has answered" or "whom Jehovah has heard." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including a prophet who lived in the time of Rehoboam.
SHEMUEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Shemuwel, meaning "heard of God," "his name is El," or "name of God." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a son of Elkanah by Hannah.
SHEPHATIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Shephatyah, meaning "whom Jehovah defends." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including a son of David. 
SHERIDAN: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Sirideáin ("descendant of Sirideï¿½n"), possibly meaning "searcher."
SHERLOCK: From an old English byname for a fair-haired person, derived from the Middle English word schirloc, composed of the elements scir "bright, clear, shire," and locc "lock of hair," hence "bright locks."
SHERMAN: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements sceara "shears" and mann "man," hence "shears-man."
SHERWOOD: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the name of the famous Sherwood Forest, composed of the Old English elements scir "bright, clear, shire" and wudu "wood," hence "bright forest."
SHILOH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Shiyloh, of uncertain etymology, possibly meaning "he who is to be sent," "he whose it is," "peaceable one" "place of rest" or "rest, tranquility." In the bible, this is a place name and also possibly a reference to the Messiah.
SHIMEA: Anglicized form of Hebrew Shimiy, meaning "famous, renowned." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including a Reubenite, son of Gog and father of Micah.
SHIMEI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Shimiy, meaning "famous, renowned." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including a Reubenite, son of Gog and father of Micah.
SHIMHI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Shimiy, meaning "famous, renowned." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including a Reubenite, son of Gog and father of Micah.
SHIMI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Shimiy, meaning "famous, renowned." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including a Reubenite, son of Gog and father of Micah.
SHOLTO: Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Sìoltach, meaning "sowing," i.e., "fruitful, seed-bearing, producing many offspring."
SHYLOCK: English Shakespearean character name of unknown etymology. It eventually became a synonym for a "loan shark, userer."
SIB: Pet form of Middle English Sibald, meaning "bold victory."
SIBALD: Variant spelling of Middle English Sybald, meaning "bold victory."
SIBBE: Pet form of Middle English Sibald, meaning "bold victory."
SID: Masculine short form of English unisex Sidney, meaning "St. Denis."
SIDNEY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, from a Norman baronial name from Saint-Denis in France, meaning "St. Denis."
SILAS (Σίλας): Contracted form of Greek Silouanos, meaning "from the forest." In the bible, this is the name of a companion of Saint Paul. 
SILVER: English unisex name meaning "silver," which may refer to either the precious metal or the color.
SILVESTER: Latin name derived from the word silvester, from silva, meaning "forest, wood," hence "from the forest."
SIM: Short form of English Simon, meaning "hearkening."
SIMEON: Anglicized form of Greek Symeon, meaning "hearkening." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including the second son of Jacob and Leah. 
SIMON: 
English and French form of Greek Simōn, meaning "hearkening." In the New Testament bible, this is the name of many characters, including a sorcerer and a brother of Jesus. It is often confused with Simon (2). 
Greek byname derived from the word simós, meaning "flat- or snub-nosed." In use by the Russians. 
SINCLAIR: Scottish surname transferred to forename use, from a Norman baronial place name in France called "Saint-Clair."
SIWARD: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Siweard, meaning "sea-guard."
SKIDBLADNIR: Anglicized form of Old Norse Skíðblaðnir, possibly meaning "wood leaf" or "wood blade." In mythology, this is the name of the magical ship of Freyr, said to be the best of ships. 
SKUYLER: Variant spelling of English unisex Skyler, meaning "protection, shelter." 
SKY: English unisex name derived from the vocabulary word "sky," from Old Norse sky, meaning "cloud." 
SKYE: Variant spelling of English unisex Sky, meaning "cloud" or "sky." 
SKYLAR: Variant spelling of English unisex Schuyler, meaning "protection, shelter." 
SKYLER: Variant spelling of English unisex Skylar, meaning "protection, shelter." 
SLADE: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from Middle English slade, meaning "small valley."
SLOAN: Variant spelling of English unisex Sloane, meaning "little raider." 
SLOANE: Irish surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Sluaghadháin, "descendant of Sluaghadhán," hence "little raider."
SLY: Pet form of English Sylvester, meaning "from the forest."
SODI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Cowdiy, meaning "an acquaintance of God." In the bible, this is the name of the father of Gaddiel.
SOL: Short form of English Solomon, meaning "peaceable." Compare with another form of Sol.
SOLLY: Pet form of English Solomon, meaning "peaceable."
SOLOMON: Anglicized form of Greek Solomōn, meaning "peaceable." In the bible, this is the name of the tenth son of David who became the third king of Israel.
SONNIE: Variant spelling of English Sonny, meaning "youngster."
SONNY: English pet name transferred to forename use, meaning "youngster."
SORREL: English unisex name derived from the name of a perennial herb, "sorrel," from Old French surele, from Frankish *sur, meaning "sour."
SPARROW: English unisex name derived from the bird name "sparrow." 
SPENCER: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, meaning "dispenser (of provisions)."
SPIKE: English byname transferred to forename use, meaning "spiky hair."
SPIRIT: English unisex name derived from the vocabulary word, "spirit," from Latin spiritus, meaning "breath."
STACEY: English unisex pet form of Latin Anastasia and Anastasius, both meaning "resurrection."
STACY: Variant spelling of English unisex Stacey, meaning "resurrection."
STAFFORD: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from a place name composed of the Old English elements staò "landing place" and ford "ford," hence "landing place at the river crossing."
STAN: Short form of English Stanley, meaning "stone clearing," and other names containing Old English stan, meaning "stone."
STANDISH: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Anéislis, meaning "careful, thoughtful."
STANFORD: English surname transferred to forename use, from the name of various places composed of the Old English elements stan "stone" and ford "ford," hence "stony river crossing."
STANLEY: English surname transferred to forename use, from the name of numerous places composed of the Old English elements stan "stone" and leah "clearing, meadow," hence "stony meadow."
STE: Short form of English Stephen, meaning "crown."
STEF: Variant spelling of English unisex Steph, meaning "crown."
STEPH: Unisex short form of English Stephen and Stephanie, both meaning "crown."
STEPHANAS: Anglicized form of Greek Stephanos, meaning "crown." In the bible, this is the name of one of the seven deacons of the church at Jerusalem who was stoned to death by the Jews. 
STEPHEN: Anglicized form of Greek Stephanos (Latin Stephanus), meaning "crown." In the bible, this is the name of one of the seven deacons of the church at Jerusalem who was stoned to death by the Jews. 
STERLING: English name derived from the vocabulary word, from the Middle English word sterrling, meaning "little star." 
STEVE: Short form of English Steven, meaning "crown."
STEVEN: Popular spelling of English Stephen, meaning "crown."
STEVIE: Unisex pet form of English Steven and Stevania, both meaning "crown."
STEW: Short form of English Stewart, meaning "steward."
STEWART: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, derived from Old English stigweard, composed of the elements stig "house" and weard "guard," meaning "house guard; steward."
STIRLING: Variant spelling of English Sterling, meaning "little star."
STORM: English unisex name derived from the vocabulary word, "storm."
STU: English and Scottish short form of French Stuart, meaning "house guard; steward."
STUART: French form of English Stewart, meaning "house guard; steward." In use by the English and Scottish.
SULLIVAN: Irish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Súileabháin ("descendant of Súileabhán"), hence "little dark eyes."
SUNNY: English unisex name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning "cheerful, sunny." 
SWEENEY: Anglicized form of Gaelic Suibhne, meaning "well-going."
SWITHIN: Old English name derived from the word swith, meaning "strong."
SWITHUN: Variant spelling of Old English Swithin, meaning "strong."
SYBALD: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Sigebeald, meaning "bold victory."
SYD: Short form of English unisex Sydney, meaning "St. Denis."
SYDNEY: Variant spelling of English unisex Sidney, meaning "St. Denis."
SYLVESTER: English form of French Sylvestre, meaning "from the forest."
TAD: 
Pet form of English Thaddeus, meaning "courageous, large-hearted."
Irish Anglicized form of Gaelic Tadhg, meaning "poet."
TAEGAN: Variant spelling of English Teagan, meaning "little poet."
TAFFY: Pet form of Welsh Dafydd, meaning "beloved."
TAHATH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Terach, meaning "delay" and "station." In the bible, this is the name of a place in the wilderness where the Israelites stopped on their Exodus. 
TALBOT: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the name Tolbert, possibly meaning "messenger of destruction."
TALMAI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Talmay, meaning "abounding in furrows." In the bible, this is the name of the father-in-law of King David. Compare with another form of Talmai.
TANNER: English occupational surname transferred to unisex forename use, derived from the Middle English word tanner, possibly from a Celtic word for "oak," a wood used in tanning, hence "tanner of skins."
TASKILL: Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Tasgall, meaning "divine kettle."
TATE: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, meaning "cheerful."
TAYLER: Variant spelling of English unisex Taylor, meaning "cutter of cloth, tailor."
TAYLOR: English occupational surname transferred to unisex forename use, meaning "cutter of cloth, tailor."
TEAGAN: Diminutive form of English Teague ("poet"), hence "little poet." 
TEAGUE: Irish Anglicized form of Gaelic Tadhg, meaning "poet."
TED: Pet form of English Edward "guardian of prosperity" and Theodore "gift of God." 
TEDDY: Pet form of English Edward "guardian of prosperity" and Theodore "gift of God." 
TEIGE: Variant spelling of English Teigue, meaning "poet."
TEIGUE: Irish Anglicized form of Gaelic Tadhg, meaning "poet."
TEL: Pet form of English Terence, possibly meaning "rub, turn, twist." Compare with another form of Tel.
TEMAN: Anglicized form of Hebrew Teyman, meaning "on the right, south." In the bible, this is the name of the city, country, and people of Idumea, and the name of a descendant of Esau.
TEMANI: Variant spelling of English Temeni, meaning "from Teman."
TEMENI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Teymeniy, meaning "from Teman" or "southerner." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Ashur.
TEMPLE: English occupational surname transferred to unisex forename use, denoting someone who was employed at one of the houses called "temples," maintained by the Knights Templar.
TENNEY: Medieval pet form of English Dennis, meaning "little follower of Dionysos."
TENNYSON: English patronymic surname transferred to forename use, meaning "son of Tenney."
TERAH: Anglicized unisex form of Hebrew Terach, meaning "delay" and "station." In the bible, this is the name of a place in the wilderness where the Israelites stopped on their Exodus. It is also the name of the father of Abraham.
TERANCE: Variant spelling of English Terence, possibly meaning "rub, turn, twist." 
TERENCE: 
Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Toirdhealbhach, meaning "instigator."
English form of Latin Terentius, possibly meaning "rub, turn, twist." 
TERRANCE: 
Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Toirdhealbhach, meaning "instigator."
Variant spelling of English Terence, possibly meaning "rub, turn, twist." 
TERRELL: Variant spelling of English Tyrrell, possibly meaning "Thor's ruler." 
TERRENCE:
Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Toirdhealbhach, meaning "instigator."
Variant spelling of English Terence, possibly meaning "rub, turn, twist." 
TERRY: Compare with feminine Terry.
English form of Norman French Thierri, meaning "first of the people; king of nations."
Pet form of English Terence, possibly meaning "rub, turn, twist." 
TEX: American English byname for someone "from Texas."
THAD: Short form of English Thaddeus, possibly meaning "courageous, large-hearted."
THADDEUS: 
Anglicized form of Latin Thaddaeus, possibly meaning "courageous, large-hearted."
Irish Anglicized form of Gaelic Tadhg, meaning "poet."
THADEUS: Variant spelling of English Thaddeus, possibly meaning "courageous, large-hearted."
THADY: Pet form of English Thaddeus, meaning "poet."
THANE: English name derived from the noble title, "thane," from Old Saxon thegan, meaning "boy, follower, warrior."
THEO: Short form of English Theodore, meaning "gift of God," and other names beginning with Theo-.
THEOBALD: English name derived from Middle Latin Theobaldus, meaning "people-bold."
THEODORE: English form of French Théodore, meaning "gift of God."
THOM: Short form of English Thomas, meaning "twin."
THOMAS: English form of Greek Thōmas, meaning "twin." In the New Testament bible, this is the name of one of the twelve apostles. He is referred to as "Thomas, called Didymus," his surname.
THORLEY: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements þorn "thorn bush" and leah "clearing, wood," hence "thorn clearing."
THORNTON: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements þorn "thorn bush" and tun "enclosure, settlement," hence "thorn bush settlement."
THURSTON: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from Old Norse Thorsteinn, meaning "Thor's stone."
THUTMOSE: Anglicized form of Egyptian Djehuty-mes, meaning "born of Djehuty (Thoth)" or "born of the ibis."
THUTMOSIS: Anglicized form of Egyptian Djehuty-mes, meaning "born of Djehuty (Thoth)" or "born of the ibis."
TIARNACH: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Tighearnach, meaning "lord."
TIARNAN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Tighearnán, meaning "little lord."
TIBERIUS: Roman name meaning "of the Tiber (river)." Occasionally used by the English.
TIBBY: Pet form of English Theobald, meaning "people-bold." Compare with feminine Tibby.
TIERNAN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Tighearnán, meaning "little lord."
TIERNEY: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Tighearnach, meaning "lord."
TIKVA: Variant spelling of English unisex Tikvah, meaning "hope." 
TIKVAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew unisex Tiqvah, meaning "hope." In the bible, this is strictly a masculine name, the name of the father of Shallum.
TIM: Short form of English Timothy, meaning "to honor God."
TIMMY: Pet form of English Timothy, meaning "to honor God."
TIMO: Short form of English Timothy, meaning "to honor God." Compare with other forms of Timo.
TIMOTHY: English form of Greek Timotheos, meaning "to honor God." In the bible, this is the name of a companion of Paul. He was martyred at Ephesus.
TIRAS: Anglicized form of Hebrew Tiyrac, meaning "desire." In the bible, this is the name of a grandson of Noah.
TOAL: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Tuathal, meaning "ruler of the people."
TOBIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Towbiyah, meaning "God is good." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a Babylonian exile returnee. 
TOBIN: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from a pet form of Greek Tobias, meaning "God is good."
TOBY: Pet form of English Tobiah and Greek Tobias, meaning "God is good." 
TOD: Variant spelling of English Todd, meaning "fox."
TODD: English surname transferred to forename use, from a byname for a cunning person or someone with red hair, from Middle English todde, meaning "fox."
TOLBERT: English name of Germanic origin, probably composed of the elements tal "destroy" and bod "message, tidings," hence "messenger of destruction."
TOLLY: Pet form of English Bartholomew, meaning "son of Talmai."
TOM: Short form of English Thomas, meaning "twin."
TOMMI: Variant spelling of English Tommy, meaning "twin." Compare with another form of Tommi.
TOMMIE: Variant spelling of English Tommy, meaning "twin."
TOMMY: Pet form of English Thomas, meaning "twin."
TONE: Pet form of English Anthony, possibly meaning "invaluable." 
TONEY: Pet form of English Anthony, possibly meaning "invaluable."
TONY: English unisex pet form of Anthony and Antonia, possibly meaning "invaluable."
TOPHER: Short form of English Christopher, meaning "Christ-bearer." 
TRACE: Short form of English unisex Tracy, meaning "place of Thracius."
TRACEY: Variant spelling of English unisex Tracy, meaning "place of Thracius."
TRACY: English surname transferred to unisex forename use, from a Norman baronial name meaning "place of Thracius."
TRAFFORD: English surname transferred to forename use, from the name of various places composed of the Old English elements træppe "fish-trap" and ford "ford," hence "fish-trap ford."
TRAHERNE: Anglicized form of Welsh Trahaearn, meaning "very iron-like."
TRANTER: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, from a name for a "peddler, hawker," who drove a wagon, derived from the Middle English word traunter, meaning "to convey."
TRAVERS: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, derived from the Norman French word traverser, meaning "to cross," a name used for someone who was a "collector of bridge or road tolls." Compare with Travis. 
TRAVIS: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, derived from the Middle English word travis, meaning "crossing," a derivative of Old French traverser "to cross," a name used for someone who was a "collector of bridge or road tolls." 
TRENT: English topographic surname transferred to forename use, meaning "lives on the river-bank."
TRENTON: English surname transferred to forename use, meaning "Trent's settlement."
TREV: Short form of English Trevor, meaning "large settlement."
TREVELYAN: English surname of Cornish origin, transferred to forename use, derived from a place name meaning "settlement of Elian."
TREVOR: Anglicized form of Welsh Trefor, meaning "large settlement." 
TREY: English name meaning "three."
TRISTEN: English variant spelling of French Tristan, probably meaning "riot, tumult."
TRISTIN: English variant spelling of French Tristan, probably meaning "riot, tumult."
TRISTON: English variant spelling of French Tristan, probably meaning "riot, tumult."
TROY: English surname of French origin, transferred to forename use, meaning "from Troyes."
TRUEMAN: Variant spelling of English Truman, meaning "true man."
TRUMAN: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements treowe "true, trustworthy" and mann "man," hence "true man."
TUBAL (תּוּבַל): Anglicized form of Hebrew Tuwbal, meaning "thou shall be brought." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Japheth, and may also have been an ancestor of the Basques (see Aitor).
TUBAL-CAIN: Anglicized form of Hebrew Tuwbal Qayin, meaning "thou shall be brought of Cain." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Lamech, said to be an instructor of every artificer in brass and iron.
TUCKER: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, meaning "cloth fuller."
TUCSON: Modern English name derived from the name of a city in Arizona, from the Spanish form of O'odham Cuk Son, meaning "black base."
TUDOR: Anglicized form of Welsh Tudur, meaning "first of the people; king of nations."
TURLOUGH: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Toirdhealbhach, meaning "instigator."
TY: Short form of English names beginning with Ty-.
TYBALT: Medieval form of English Theobald, meaning "people-bold."
TYE: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the Middle English word tye, meaning "pasture."
TYLAR: Variant spelling of English Tyler, meaning "roof-tiler."
TYLER: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, meaning "roof-tiler."
TYLOR: Variant spelling of English Tyler, meaning "roof-tiler."
TYRELL: Variant spelling of English Tyrrell, possibly meaning "stubborn."
TYRON: Variant spelling of English Tyrone, meaning "land of Owen."
TYRONE: English name derived from an Irish county name, from Gaelic Tir Eoghain, meaning "land of Owen." 
TYRRELL: English surname transferred to forename use, possibly derived from a Norman byname for a "stubborn" person.
TYSON: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from a byname for a person who is "fiery tempered," from the Old French word tison, meaning "firebrand."
UEL: Short form of English Samuel, meaning "heard of God," "his name is El," or "name of God."
ULICK: 
Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Uilleag, meaning "will-helmet."
Possibly a Middle English form of Old High German Willerich, meaning "will-power."
ULRIC: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Wulfric, meaning "wolf power." 
ULRICK: Variant spelling of English Ulric, meaning "wolf power."
ULTAN: Anglicized form of Irish Gaelic Ultán, meaning "of Ulster."
UNI: Variant spelling of English Unni, meaning "afflicted, depressed."
UNNI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Unniy, meaning "afflicted, depressed." In the bible, this is the name of two Levites.
UPTON: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements up "upper" and tun "enclosure, settlement," hence "upper settlement."
UR: Anglicized form of Hebrew Uwr, meaning "flame or light of fire," also possibly "revelation." In the bible, this is the native place of Abraham, the city of the Chaldeans, and a center of moon worship. Compare with other forms of Ur.
URBAN: English form of Latin Urbane, meaning "of the city."
URI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Uwriy, meaning "fiery" or "my flame, my light." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a prince of Judah. 
URIA: Variant spelling of English Uriah, meaning "flame of Jehovah" or "God is my light."
URIAH: Anglicized form of Greek Ourias (Hebrew Uwriyah), meaning "flame of Jehovah" or "God is my light." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including the husband of Bathsheba. 
URIAN: Anglicized form of Hebrew Uryan, meaning "light."
URIEL (אוּרִיאֵל): Anglicized form of Hebrew Uwriyel, meaning "flame of God" or "light of the Lord." In the bible, this is the name of a Levite, and the maternal grandfather of Abijah. It is also the name of one of the seven archangels whose names were removed from the Church's list of recognized angels in 145 A.D. He was said to have been one of the angels stationed at God's throne. He was considered the wisest of the archangels because his light was not merely of the physical kind, but rather the ultra-spiritual kind, making him highly intellectually illuminated. Some think Uriel was the angel who warned Noah of the coming flood, and helped the prophet Ezra interpret a prediction concerning the coming Messiah. He is also said to be the angel of divine magic, alchemy, writing, earthquakes, floods, and other kinds of cataclysms. 
URIJAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Uwriyah, meaning "flame of Jehovah" or "God is my light." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including and a prophet slain by Jehoiakim. 
UTAI: Variant spelling of English Uthai, meaning "whom Jehovah helps."
UTHAI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Uwthay, meaning "whom Jehovah helps." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Ammihud and a son of Bigvai. 
UZ: Anglicized form of Hebrew Uwts, meaning "soft and sandy earth" or "to consult." In the bible, this is the name of the country of Job, a son of Aram, a son of Nahor, and a son of Dishan. 
UZAL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Uwzal, of uncertain derivation, possibly meaning "to depart, to leave," "to be flooded," or "to be exhausted." In the bible, this is the name of a descendant of Joktan.
UZIA: Variant spelling of English Uzzia, meaning "power of Jehovah." 
UZIAH: Variant spelling of English Uzzia, meaning "power of Jehovah." 
UZIEL: Variant spelling of English Uzziel, meaning "God is my strength."
UZZIA: Anglicized form of Hebrew Uzziya, meaning "power of Jehovah." In the bible, this is the name of one of David's warriors.
UZZIAH: Variant spelling of English Uzzia, meaning "power of Jehovah."
UZZIEL: Anglicized form of Hebrew Uzziyel, meaning "God is my strength." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including a grandson of Levi.
VAL: Unisex short form of English Valentine and Latin Valentina, both meaning "healthy, strong."
VALENTINE: English form of Latin Valentinus, meaning "healthy, strong." Compare with feminine Valentine.
VAN: Short form of English Vance, meaning "lives by a fen/marsh."
VANCE: English topographic surname transferred to forename use, derived from the Old English word fenn "fen," hence "lives by a fen/marsh."
VERE: English surname transferred to forename use, from a Norman baronial name meaning "alder."
VERGIL: Variant spelling of English Virgil, possibly meaning "flourishing." Compare with another form of Vergil.
VERN: Short form of English Vernon, meaning "place of alder trees."
VERNE: Variant spelling of English Vern, meaning "place of alder trees."
VERNON: English surname transferred to forename use, from a Norman French baronial name meaning "place of alder trees."
VESTER: Short form of English Sylvester, meaning "from the forest."
VIC: English unisex short form of Latin Victor "conqueror" and Victoria "conqueror" or "victory."
VICK: English short form of Roman Latin Victor, meaning "conqueror."
VICTOR: Roman Latin name meaning "conqueror." 
VIN: Short form of English Vincent, meaning "conquering."
VINCE: Short form of English Vincent, meaning "conquering." Compare with another form of Vince.
VINCENT: English name derived from Latin Vincentius, meaning "conquering."
VIRGIL: English name derived from Latin Virgilius, possibly meaning "flourishing." 
VORTIGERN: Anglicized form of Old Welsh Guorthigern, meaning "high lord" or "overlord." In Arthurian legend, this is the name of the king who allowed the Saxons to settle in Britain in return for the hand of Hengist's daughter. Because his castle, Dinas Emrys, kept collapsing, Vortigern consulted Aurelius Ambrosianus, whom Geoffrey of Monmouth identified with Merlin in his retelling of the story. 
WADE: 
English topographical surname transferred to forename use, meaning "lives near the river crossing."
Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Wada (the name of a sea giant), meaning "to go," in the sense of going forward, proceeding.
WAINAMOINEN: Anglicized form of Finnish Väinämöinen, meaning "wide and slow-flowing river."
WALKER: 
English name derived from the Scandinavian habitational surname Walkyr, from kiarr, meaning "from the wall by the marsh."
English occupational surname transferred to forename use, derived from Middle English walkere from Old English wealcere ("to walk, tread"), hence "cloth fuller." 
WALLACE: English surname transferred to forename use, from an ethnic byname, from Old French waleis, meaning "foreigner, stranger," especially Celtic or Roman.
WALLIS: Variant spelling of English Wallace, meaning "foreigner, stranger," especially Celtic or Roman.
WALLY: Pet form of English Wallace "foreigner, stranger," especially Celtic or Roman, and Walter "ruler of the army."
WALT: Short form of English Walter, meaning "ruler of the army."
WALTER: English form of German Walther, meaning "ruler of the army."
WALTON: English habitational surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements wæll "spring" and tun "enclosure, settlement," hence "spring settlement."
WARD: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, derived from Old English weard, meaning "guard, watchman." 
WARNER: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the German personal name Werner, meaning "Warin warrior," i.e. "covered warrior."
WARREN: English surname of Norman French origin, transferred to forename use, from a place called La Varenne, meaning "game-park." 
WARWICK: English habitational surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements wær "dam" and wic "dairy farm," hence "lives by the dam near the dairy farm."
WASHINGTON: English surname transferred to forename use, from the village of Washington in Co. Durham, named from Old English Wassingtun, meaning "Wassa's settlement." 
WAT: Old pet form of English Walter, meaning "ruler of the army."
WATKIN: Old Pet form of English Walter, meaning "ruler of the army."
WAYLAND: English form of German Wieland, meaning "war territory" or "battlefield."
WAYNE: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, meaning "cartwright; wagon-maker."
WEAVER:
English habitational surname transferred to forename use, from the name of a place in Cheshire named after the river Weaver which got its name form Old English wefer, meaning "winding."
English occupational surname transferred to forename use, from Middle English weven, meaning "to weave," hence "weaver."
WEBSTER: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, from early Middle English webber, meaning "weaver."
WELDON: English habitational surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements wella "spring, stream" and dun "hill," hence "spring hill."
WENDEL: Old High German name meaning "a Wend; a wanderer," a term used to refer to migrant Slavs in the sixth century. 
WESLEY: English habitational surname transferred to forename use, from a contracted form of Westley, meaning "western meadow." 
WESTLEY: English habitational surname transferred to forename use, from the name of various places called Westley, composed of the Old English elements west "west" and leah "meadow, pasture," hence "western meadow." 
WESTON: English habitational surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements west "west" and tun "enclosure, settlement," hence "western settlement."
WHITAKER: English habitational surname transferred to forename use, from various place names composed of the Old English elements hwit "white" and æcer "cultivated land," hence "white acres."
WHITNEY: English habitational surname transferred to unisex forename use, from the name of various places derived from the Middle English phrase atten whiten ey ("by the white island"), hence "white island."
WIL: Short form of Old English names beginning with Wil-, meaning "will."
WILBER: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Middle English elements wild "wild" and bor "boar," hence "wild boar."
WILBUR: Variant spelling of Middle English Wilber, meaning "wild boar."
WILBURN: English habitational surname transferred to forename use, probably from the name of a lost place composed of the Old English elements wella "well, spring" and burn "boiling, bubbling, running water," hence "bubbling stream" or perhaps "boiling spring." 
WILEY: Old English name meaning "water meadow." Compare with another form of Wiley.
WILF: Short form of Middle English Wilfred, meaning "desires peace."
WILFORD: English habitational surname transferred to forename use, composed of the name Will and the word ford "ford," hence "Will's river crossing."
WILFRED: Variant spelling of Middle English Wilfrid, meaning "desires peace." 
WILFRID: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Wilfrið, meaning "desires peace."
WILL: Short form of English William, meaning "will-helmet."
WILLARD: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the Anglo-Saxon personal name Wilheard, meaning "strong-willed." 
WILLIAM: English form of Norman French Willelm, meaning "will-helmet."
WILLIE: Pet form of English William, meaning "will-helmet." Compare with another form of Willie.
WILLIS: English surname transferred to forename use, meaning "son of Will."
WILLOUGHBY: English surname transferred to forename use, composed of Old English wilig "willow" and Old Norse býr "settlement," hence "willow settlement."
WILLY: Pet form of English Will, meaning "will-helmet."
WILMER: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the German personal name Wilmar, meaning "desires fame."
WILMOT: English surname transferred to forename use, possibly a corruption of the French surname Guillemot, from Guillaume (English William), meaning "will-helmet."
WILSON: English patronymic surname transferred to forename use, meaning "son of Will." 
WILTON: English surname transferred to forename use, from the name of various places composed of the Old English elements wilig "willow" and tun "enclosure, settlement," hence "willow settlement."
WIN: Short form of English Winfred and Winifred, both meaning "holy reconciliation," and other names beginning with Win-. 
WINDSOR: English surname transferred to forename use, from a place name in Berkshire originally called Windels-ora, meaning "landing place with a windlass." [note: windlass. naut. a device used for winding ropes.] 
WINFRED: Variant spelling of Middle English Winfrid, meaning "friend of peace." 
WINFRID: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Winfrið, meaning "friend of peace."
WINSLOW: English habitational surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English name Wine and the word hlaw "barrow, mound, hill," hence "Wine's hill."
WINSTON: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the Anglo-Saxon personal name Wynnstan, meaning "joy-stone." 
WINTHROP: English habitational surname transferred to forename use, from the name of various places called Winthorpe, composed of the Old English personal name Wine and Old Norse þorp "settlement, village," hence "Wine's village." 
WISDOM: English unisex name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning simply "wisdom." Wisdom is composed of Wis- from the word wise, from proto-Germanic *wisaz "to know" from PIE wittos "to see," and -dom, from Latin domus, from PIE domo "house."
WOLF: English name derived from the vocabulary word, meaning simply "wolf." Compare with another form of Wolf.
WOLFE: Variant spelling of English Wolf, meaning "wolf."
WOODROW: English habitational surname transferred to forename use, composed of the Old English elements wudu "wood" and raw "line, row," hence "lives in a row of houses by the wood." 
WOODY: Pet form of English Woodrow ("lives in a row of houses by the wood"), and other names containing Old English wudu, meaning "wood."
WRIGHT: English occupational surname transferred to forename use, derived from Old English wryhta/wyrhta, meaning "craftsman."
WYATT: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the medieval personal name Wyot, meaning "hardy warrior." 
WYMOND: Variant spelling of Middle English Wymund, meaning "fight-protection." 
WYMUND: Middle English form of Anglo-Saxon Wigmund, meaning "fight-protection."
WYNN: Variant spelling of English Wynne, meaning "friend." Compare with another form of Wynn.
WYNNE: Compare with another form of Wynne.
English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the Old English personal name Wine, meaning "friend."
WYOT: Medieval English name derived from Anglo-Saxon Wigheard, meaning "hardy warrior."
WYSTAN: Modern English form of Anglo-Saxon Wigstan, meaning "battle-stone." 
XAN: Short form of English Alexander, meaning "defender of mankind." Compare with another form of Xan.
XZAVIER: English form of Basque Xavier, meaning "a new house."
YAHVEH: Variant spelling of English Yahweh, meaning "existing one."
YAHWEH: An English pronunciation of the ineffable name of the Hebrew god YHWH, meaning "existing one." 
YANCEY: Variant spelling of English Yancy, possibly meaning "Englishman, Yankee."
YANCY: English name which may originally have been a Native American Indian word meaning "Englishman," and the origin for the word "Yankee." 
YARWOOD: Anglicized form of Welsh Iorwerth, meaning "handsome lord."
YEHOWAH: An English pronunciation of the ineffable name of the Hebrew god YHWH, meaning "existing one."
YORK: English surname transferred to forename use, derived from the city name, itself from eure-ric or eouer-ric, composed of the elements euere "wild boar" and ryc "refuge," hence "retreat from wild boars," which were in the forest of Gautries. 
YWAIN: Middle English form of French Yvain, meaning "well born." In Arthurian legend, this is the name of a Knight of the Round Table, a son of King Urien. He is said by some to be the son of Morgan le Fay, making him Arthur's nephew. He has a half-brother named after him, and a twin sister named Morvydd.  In Welsh legend, his name was Owain, which has a different meaning. 
YORATH: Anglicized form of Welsh Iorwerth, meaning "handsome lord."
YOUKAHAINEN: Anglicized form of Finnish Joukahainen, possibly meaning "great, large."
ZABDI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Zabdiy, meaning "the gift of Jehovah. In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including a son of Zerah.
ZACCAI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Zakkay, meaning "clean, innocent." In the bible, this is the name of the head of a family of Babylonian Exile returnees.
ZACHARIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Zekaryah, meaning "whom Jehovah remembered." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including one of the twelve minor prophets. Also spelled Zechariah.
ZACH: Short form of English Zachary, meaning "whom Jehovah remembered." Compare with another form of Zach.
ZACHARY: English form of Greek Zacharias, meaning "whom Jehovah remembered."
ZACHERY: 
Anglicized form of Scottish Gaelic Sgàire, meaning "sea-mew," another name for the common seagull.
Variant spelling of English Zachary, meaning "whom Jehovah remembered."
ZACK: Short form of English Zackary, meaning "whom Jehovah remembered." 
ZACKARY: Variant spelling of English Zachary, meaning "whom Jehovah remembered."
ZACKERY: Variant spelling of English Zackary, meaning "whom Jehovah remembered."
ZADOK: Anglicized form of Hebrew Tsadowq, meaning "just, righteous." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including a high priest of Israel.
ZAK: Variant spelling of English Zack, meaning "whom Jehovah remembered." 
ZALMON: Anglicized form of Hebrew Tsalmown, meaning "shady." In the bible, this is the name of one of king David's warriors.
ZANDER: Pet form of English Alexander, meaning "defender of mankind."
ZEBADIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Zebadyah, meaning "the gift of Jehovah." In the bible, this is the name of the brother of Joab.
ZEBEDEE: Anglicized form of Greek Zebedaios, meaning "my gift." In the New Testament bible, this is the name of a fisherman of Galilee. 
ZEBINA: Anglicized form of Hebrew Zebiyna, meaning "bought." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Nebo who took a foreign wife.
ZEBINAH: Variant spelling of English Zebina, meaning "bought." In the bible, this is the name of a son of Nebo who took a foreign wife.
ZEBULON: Variant spelling of English Zebulun, meaning "habitation." 
ZEBULUN: Anglicized form of Hebrew Zebuwluwn, meaning "habitation." In the bible, this is the name of the tenth son of Jacob and Leah.
ZECHARIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Zekaryah, meaning "whom Jehovah remembered." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including one of the twelve minor prophets. Also spelled Zachariah.
ZED: Short form of English Zedekiah, meaning "righteousness of the Lord." 
ZEDEKIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Tsidqiyah, meaning "righteousness of the Lord." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including the name which Mattaniah adopted after becoming (the last) king of Judah.
ZEFANIA: Variant spelling of English Zephaniah, meaning "hidden by God" or "protected by God."
ZEKE: Short form of English Ezekiel, meaning "God will strengthen." Compare with other forms of Zeke.
ZELOPHEHAD: Anglicized form of Hebrew Tselophchad, meaning "first rupture; fracture," taken to mean "first-born." In the bible, this is the name of a member of the tribe Manasseh.
ZEPH: Short form of English Zephaniah, meaning "God has hidden." 
ZEPHANIA: Variant spelling of English Zephaniah, meaning "hidden by God" or "protected by God."
ZEPHANIAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Tsephanyah, meaning "hidden by God" or "protected by God." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including the ninth of the minor prophets. 
ZERAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Zerach, meaning "light." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including an Edomite leader, a son of Simeon, and a son of Judah and Tamar.
ZIA: Anglicized form of Hebrew Ziya, meaning "motion, to tremble." In the bible, this is the name of a member of the tribe of Gad. Compare with another form of Zia.
ZIBEON: Anglicized form of Hebrew Tsibown, meaning "versi-colored." In the bible, this is the name of the father of Anah and a son of Seir.
ZIDKIJAH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Tsidqiyah, meaning "righteousness of the Lord." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including the name which Mattaniah adopted after becoming (the last) king of Judah.
ZIMRI (זִמְרִי): Anglicized form of Hebrew Zimriy, meaning "celebrated in song." In the bible, this is the name of several characters, including one of the five sons of Zerah. 
ZION: Anglicized form of Hebrew Tsiyown, meaning "sunny or parched place." In the bible, this is another name for Jerusalem, the city of David, and its inhabitants who are also called the daughter of Tsiyown/Zion.
ZOPHAI: Anglicized form of Hebrew Tsuwph, meaning "flow, overflow," hence "honey as dropping." In the bible, this is the name of an ancestor of Elkanah.
ZUBIN: English name of Russian origin, meaning "toothy." Compare with other forms of Zubin.
ZUPH: Anglicized form of Hebrew Tsuwph, meaning "flow, overflow," hence "honey as dropping." In the bible, this is the name of an ancestor of Elkanah.