ACHIMA: Feminine form of Greek Achim, probably meaning "Jehovah raises up." In use in Germany.
ACHIMAH: Variant spelling of Greek Achima, probably meaning "Jehovah raises up."
ADELFA (Αδελφά): Variant spelling of Greek Adelpha, meaning "born of the same womb; sibling."
ADELPHA (Αδελφά): Feminine form of Greek Adelphos and Latin Adelphus, both meaning "born of the same womb; sibling."
ADONIA (Αδώνια): Feminine form of Greek Adonis, meaning "my lord." Compare with masculine Adonia.
ADRASTEIA (Ἀδράστεια): Feminine form of Greek Adrastos, meaning "inescapable" or "not running away."  In Greek mythology, this is the name of a nymph who cared for the infant Zeus, and also an epithet belonging to the goddess Nemesis.
AELLA (Αελλα): Greek and Latin variant form of Greek Aellô, meaning "storm wind; whirlwind." In Greek mythology, this is the name of an Amazon warrior who was killed by Herakles. She was known for wielding a double-axe. 
AELLAI (Αελλαι): Variant form of Greek Aellô, meaning "whirlwinds."
AELLÔ (Ἀελλώ): Greek name meaning "storm wind; whirlwind." In Greek mythology, this is the name of an Amazon warrior who was killed by Herakles. She was known for wielding a double-axe. 
AGAPE (Αγάπη): Greek name derived from the word agapē, meaning "divine love."
AGATHE (Αγάθη): Greek name derived from the word agathos, meaning "good." It is the feminine form of Agathias.

AGAUE (Ἀγαυή): Greek name derived from the word agauos, meaning "illustrious; noble." In Greek mythology, this is the name of one of the four daughters of Kadmos, king of Theben in Boiotia, and his wife Harmonia. 

AGAVE: Variant spelling of Greek Agaue, meaning "illustrious, noble." This is the botanical name for the American aloe plant, probably chosen because of its stately flower stem. 

AGLAIA (Ἀγλαΐα): Greek myth name of one of the three Graces, meaning "beauty, splendor." The other two are Thaleia, "blossoming, luxuriant," and Euphrosynê, "joy, merriment."

AGLAIE (Ἀγλαΐη): Variant spelling of Greek Aglaia, the myth name of one of the three Graces, meaning "beauty, splendor."

AIGLE (Αίγλη): Greek name meaning "radiance, splendor." In mythology, this is the name of several characters, including a goddess of good health.

AIKATERINA: Variant spelling of Greek Aikaterine, meaning "pure."

AIKATERINE (Αἰκατερίνη): Greek name of uncertain etymology, but from an early date it has been associated with the Greek adjective katharos, meaning "pure." 

AKAKALLIS (Ακακαλλις): Greek name meaning "daffodil." In mythology, this is the name of a nymph who was the mother of Philandros by Apollo.

AKANTHA (Άκανθα): Greek name meaning "thorn." In mythology, this is the name of a nymph loved by Apollo.

AKELDAMA (Ἀκελδαμά): Greek form of Aramaic ħqêl dmâ, meaning "field of blood." In the bible, this is the name of the place where Judas Iscariot committed suicide. 

ALALA (Ἀλαλά): Greek name meaning "war-like." In mythology, this is the name of the sister of Ares and personification of the war cry. Compare with another form of Alala.

ALEKTO (Ἀληκτώ): Greek name meaning "unceasing." In Greek mythology, this is the name of one of the Furies (Gr. Erinyes, Eumenides). Virgil named two others: Megaira "grudge," and Tisiphone "murder-retribution."
ALEXANDRA: Feminine form of Greek Alexandros, meaning "defender of mankind."

ALKESTIS (Άλκηστις): Greek name meaning "might of the home." In mythology, this is the name of a princess who was rescued by Herakles when she descended into Hades in place of her husband.

ALKIPPE (Αλκιππη): Greek name meaning "mighty mare." In mythology, this was the name of a daughter of Ares.

ALKMENE (Ἀλκμήνη): Greek name meaning "might of the moon." In mythology, this is the name of the mortal mother of Herakles by Zeus.

ALKYONE (Ἁλκυόνη): Greek name meaning "kingfisher." In mythology, this is the name of a star-nymph loved by Poseidôn. She is the daughter of Atlas and Plêionê.

ALTHAIA (Αλθαία): Greek name possibly meaning "healing." In mythology, this is the name of the mother of Meleagros.

AMALTHEIA (Αμάλθεια): Greek name meaning "to soothe." In mythology, this is the name of a goat who was the foster mother of Zeus.

AMBROSIA: Feminine form of Greek Ambrosios, meaning "immortal." In Greek mythology, ambrosia is the name of a food or drink of the gods that gives them immortality.

AMETHEA: Greek name meaning "no loiterer." In mythology, this is the name of one of the horses of the sun god Helios.

AMINTA: Variant spelling of Greek Amynta, meaning "defender." Compare with another form of Amynta.

AMPHITRITE (Αμφιτρίτη): Greek name composed of the elements amphi "around, of both kinds, on both sides," and the Triton "sea," hence "around the sea" or "on both sides of the sea." In mythology, this is the name of a sea goddess, who became the consort of Poseidôn. It is also the name of an asteroid.
AMYNTA (Αμύντα): Feminine form of Greek Amyntas, meaning "defender."
ANAÏTIS (Ἀναίτις): Greek form of Persian Anahita, meaning "immaculate."
ANASTASIA: Feminine form of Greek Anastasios, meaning "resurrection." Compare with another form of Anastasia.

ANASTASOULA (Αναστασούλα): Variant form of Greek Anastasios, meaning "resurrection."
ANDROMACHE (Ἀνδρομάχη): Greek name composed of the elements andros "of a man/warrior" and mache "battle," hence "man/warrior battle." In mythology, this is the name of the kidnapped wife of Hektor.
ANDROMĒDE (Ανδρομέδη): Greek name composed of the elements androsï¿½ "man/warrior" and medomai "to think," hence "thinks like a man/warrior." In mythology, this is the name of the daughter of Kassiopeia who was to be sacrificed to the sea monster Medousa but was rescued by Perseus. Andromeda is said to have been an Ethiopian princess and ancient Ethiopians considered her and Perseus to be the progenitors of the black race. 

ANDRONIKA (Ανδρόνικα): Feminine form of Greek Andronikos, meaning "victory of a man/warrior."

ANEMONE (Άνεμονη): Greek name derived from the word anemos, meaning "wind." In mythology, this is the name of a nymph who was turned into a wind-flower.

ANTHEIA (Άνθεια): Greek name meaning "flower." In mythology, this is the name of a goddess of flowers, gardens, love, marshes, and swamps. She was worshiped on Crete.

ANTHOUSA (Ανθούσα): Greek name derived from the word anthos, meaning "flower." In mythology, this is the name of a type of flower nymph.

ANTIGONE (Αντιγόνη): Greek name composed of the elements anti "against; counter" and gone "birth; generation," hence "counter-generation." In mythology, this is the name of the sister of Priam, daughter of Oidipous.

ANTIOPE (Ἀντιόπη): Greek name probably composed of anti "against, counter" and ops "eyes, face," hence "counter-faced," or "turned eyes." In mythology, this is the name of a daughter of Ares and Hippolyte (a queen of the Amazons) who was kidnapped and married by Theseus, making her the first Amazon ever to marry. 

AOEDE: Variant spelling of Greek Aoide, meaning "to sing."

AOIDE (Αοιδή): Greek name meaning "to sing." In mythology, this is the name of the one of the three original Muses before their number was increased to nine. It is also the name of a moon of Jupiter.

APHRODISIA (Αφροδίσια): Feminine form of Greek Aphrodisios, meaning "risen from the foam." Compare with another form of Aphrodisia.

APHRODITE (Άφροδίτη): Greek name composed of the elements afros "foam" and dity "dive; rise," hence "risen from the foam." In mythology, this is the name of the goddess of love and mother of Eros.
APOLLONIA (Ἀπολλωνία): Feminine form of Greek Apollonios, meaning "of Apollo." In the New Testament bible, this is the name of a maritime city of Macedonia, about a day's journey from Amphipolis.
APPHIA (Ἀπφία): Greek name meaning "fruitful, increasing." In the bible, this is the name of Phrygian woman. 
ARACHNE (Ἀράχνη): Greek myth name of a young girl who was turned into a spider by Athena, meaning "spider."
ARETHOUSA (Ἀρέθουσα): Greek name meaning "the waterer." In mythology, this is the name of one of the Hesperides, and a water nymph (Nereid), daughter of Nêreus, who was pursued by Alphaios, the river god. Artemis changed her into a fountain.
ARIADNÊ (Αριάδνη): Greek name meaning "utterly pure." In mythology, this is the name of the daughter of King Minos.
ARISTODEME (Ἀριστόδημε): Greek name composed of the elements aristos "excellence" and demos "the people," hence "excellence of the people." In mythology, this is the name of a daughter of Priam, king of Troy.
ARISTOMACHE (Ἀριστομάχη): Greek name composed of the elements aristos "excellence" and mache "battle," hence "excellent battle."
ARTEMIS (Ἄρτεμις): Greek name derived from the word artémes, meaning "safe and sound." In mythology, this is the name of a daughter of Zeus and Lêtô and twin sister to Apollo. 
ASPASIA (Ασπασία): Greek name derived from the word aspasios, meaning "welcome."
ASTARTE (Ἀστάρτη): Greek name meaning "star." In mythology, this is the name name of a goddess of fertility and war.
ASTRAIA: Greek name meaning "starry one." In mythology, this is the name of a goddess of justice.
ATALANTE (Αταλάντη): Greek name meaning "equal in weight." In mythology, this is the name of the fleet-footed maiden who refused to marry any man who could not beat her in a foot-race.
ATHANASIA: Feminine form of Greek Athanasios, meaning "immortal." Compare with another form of Athanasia.

ATHENE (Ἀθήνη): Greek myth name of the goddess of wisdom. Plato fancifully derived her name from a-theo-noa, meaning "mind of God," but the true meaning is unknown. Her Roman name is Minerva ("intellect").
ATROPOS (Άτροπος): Greek name meaning "cannot be turned; inflexible." In mythology, this is the name of one of the original three Fates.
BARBARA (Βαρβάρα): Greek name derived from the feminine form of the word barbaros, once used to refer to the unintelligible chatter of foreigners which sounded like "bar-bar" to the Greeks, hence "foreign; strange." 
BAUKIS (Βαυκις): Greek name of unknown meaning. In mythology, this is the name of the wife of Philemon. They were the only couple in Tyana who were hospitable to the disguised gods Zeus and Hermês. 
BERENIKE (Βερενίκη): Macedonian form of Greek Pherenike, meaning "bringer of victory." In the bible, this is the name of the eldest daughter of Herod Agrippa.
BETHANIA (Βηθανία): Greek name derived from Aramaic beth 'anya (Hebrew bet t'eina), meaning "house of dates" or "house of misery." In the bible, this is the name of a place near Jerusalem where Jesus stayed during the Holy Week.
BETHESDA (Βηθεσδά): Greek name of Aramaic origin, meaning "flowing water" or "house of mercy." In the bible, this is the name of a pool near the sheep-gate at Jerusalem, the waters of which had curative powers. 
BETHZATHA (Βηθζαθά): Greek name of uncertain origin. It may be from the Aramaic, meaning "house of olives." Or it may be an altered form of Greek Bethesda, meaning "flowing water" or "house of mercy."
CALLIDORA: Greek name composed of the elements kallos "beauty" and doron "gift," hence "gift of beauty."
CHARA (Χαρά): Greek name derived from the word chara, meaning "joyful."
CHARIKLO: Variant spelling of Greek Khariklo or Latin Chariclo, meaning "graceful spinner." In mythology, this is the name of the nymph wife of Kheiron the centaur.
CHLOĒ (Χλόη): Greek name meaning "green shoot." In mythology, this is a surname of the goddess Demeter. In the New Testament bible, this name is mentioned by Paul in 1 Corinthians 1:11. Also spelled Khloe.
CHRYSANTHE (Χρυσάνθη): Feminine form of Greek Chrysanthos, meaning "golden flower."
DAMALI: Abbreviated form of Greek Damalis, meaning "calf."
DAMALIS (Δάμαλις): Greek name meaning "calf."
DAMARIS (Δάμαρις): Greek name meaning "heifer." In the bible, this is the name of a woman Paul converted to Christianity. 
DANAË (Δανάη): Greek name meaning "parched." In mythology, this is the name of the mother of Perseus.
DAPHNE (Δάφνη): Greek name meaning "laurel." In mythology, this is the name of a nymph who was turned into a laurel tree by her father so that she might escape Apollo's unwanted attentions.
DAREIA: Feminine form of Greek Dareios, meaning "possesses a lot, wealthy."
DARIEA: Variant spelling of Greek Dareia, meaning "possesses a lot, wealthy."
DELIA (Δήλια): Greek name meaning "of Delos." In mythology, this is a name borne by Artemis, referring to her place of birth.
DELPHINIA (Δελφίνια): Feminine form of Greek Delphinios, meaning "of Delphi" or "of the Dolphins." In mythology, this is the surname of Artemis. 
DEMETER (Δημήτηρ): Greek myth name of a goddess of agriculture, derived from Doric Da-mater, meaning "earth mother." Compare with masculine Demeter.
DESDEMONA: Literary name derived from the Greek word dysdaimon, meaning "ill-starred." 
DESPOINA: Variant spelling of Greek Despoine, meaning "mistress."
DESPOINE (Δεσποίνη): Greek name meaning "mistress." In mythology, this is the name of a daughter of Poseidôn and Demeter.
DIANTHE: Feminine form of Greek dianthos, composed of the elements dios "god" and anthos "flower," hence "god-flower."
DIDO (Διδώ): Greek name meaning "wanderer." In mythology, this is the name of the founder and first queen of Carthage. She fell in love with Aineías, and set herself on fire when he left her. 
DIÔNÊ (Διώνη): Greek name meaning "the goddess." In mythology, this is the name of the Titan mother of Aphrodite. It is a feminine form of Zeus. 
DIONYSIA: Feminine form of Greek Dionysios, meaning "follower of Dionysos." 
DISDEMONA: Variant spelling of Greek Desdemona, meaning "ill-starred." 
DORIS (Δωρίς): Greek name meaning "bounty" and "unmixed, pure." In mythology, this is the name of a goddess of the sea, consort of Nêreus and mother of the Nereids (sea nymphs). 
DORKAS (Δορκάς): Alternate translation of Greek Tabitha, meaning "gazelle." In the New Testament bible, this is the name of a woman restored to life by Peter. 
DOROTHEA: Feminine form of Greek Dorotheos, meaning "gift of God." Compare with another form of Dorothea.
DORRIS: Variant spelling of Greek Doris, meaning "bounty" and "unmixed, pure."
EFROSYNI (Εφροσύνη): Modern spelling of Greek Euphrosynê, meaning "joy, mirth."
EFTHALIA (Εφθαλία): Modern spelling of Greek Euthalia, meaning "blooming, flourishing."
EIDOTHEA (Ειδοθεα): Greek name meaning "knowing goddess." In mythology, this is the name of a sea nymph, the daughter of Prôteus.
EILEITHYIA (Εἰλείθυια): Greek name derived from the word eleluthyia, meaning "relieve." In mythology, this is the name of a goddess of childbirth. Her Latin name is Lucina.
ÊIONÊ (Ηιονη): Greek name meaning "beach strand." In mythology, this is the name of one of the Nereids.
EIRÊNÊ (Εἰρήνη): Greek name meaning "peace." In mythology, this is the name of a goddess of peace. Her Latin name is Pax.
EKHO (Έχω): Greek name meaning "echo, re-sound." In mythology, this is the name of an Oread (mountain nymph) who was cursed by Hêrâ with the voice of the echo as punishment for distracting her with constant chatter.
ELEFTHERIA: Feminine form of Greek Eleftherios, meaning "the liberator."
ELEKTRA: Greek name meaning "bright, shining." In mythology, this is the name of a Pleiad, an Oceanid, and the sister of Orestes who helped him kill their mother Klytaimnestra.
ELENE (Ελένη): Modern form of Greek Helénē, possibly meaning "torch."
ELENI: Variant spelling of Greek Elene, possibly meaning "torch."
ELISABET (Ἐλισάβετ): Greek form of Hebrew Elisheva, meaning "God is my oath." Compare with another form of Elisabet.
ELISSA: Greek form of Phoenician Elishat, the myth name of a queen of Carthage who fell in love with Aineías, and set herself on fire when he left her. She is also known by the name Dido. Compare with another form of Elissa.
ELPIDA: Feminine form of Greek Elpidios, meaning "hope."
ELPIS (ἐλπίς): Greek name meaning "expectation, hope." In mythology, this is the name of a spirit of hope. She, along with other daimons, was trapped in a jar by Zeus and put in the care of Pandora. Her Latin name is Spes.
ELYSIA (Ἠλύσια): From Greek Pedion Elysion, the name of the heavenly fields of Elysia, a section of the Underworld mentioned in Greek mythology. The mythological place name may have evolved from the designation of a place, or person, struck by lightning (enelysion, enelysios); if so, the name means "lightning-struck."
ENYO (Ενυώ): Greek counterpart of Roman Latin Bellona, meaning "warlike." In mythology, this is the name of a goddess of war known as the "waster of cities," depicted as being covered in blood and carrying weapons. She was a companion of Ares and is sometimes said to be his sister or mother.
EOS (Ἠώς): Greek name meaning "dawn." In mythology, this is the name of the goddess of dawn. Equated with Latin Aurora.
ERATO (Ερατώ): Greek name derived from the word arastos, meaning "lovely." In mythology, this is the name of the muse of poetry.
ÉRIKA: Feminine form of Greek Erríkos, meaning "work-power."
ERIS (Έρις): Greek name meaning "strife." In mythology, this is the name of a war-goddess, the sister of Ares. Her Roman name is Discordia.
EUADNE (Ευαδνη): Greek name composed of the elements eu "good, well" and adnos "holy," hence "good and holy." In mythology, this is the name of the wife of Kapaneus who burned herself alive on her husband's pyre. 
EUDOKIA (Ευδοκία): Greek name composed of the elements ευ "good, well," and dokeo "to seem," hence "good-seeming."
EUDORA (Ευδώρα): Modern Greek name composed of the elements eu "good" and doron "gift," hence "good gift."
EUDOXIA (Ευδοξία): Ancient Greek name composed of the elements eu "good" and doxa "fame, glory," hence "good glory."
EUGENEIA (Ευγένεια): Feminine form of Greek Eugenios, meaning "well born."
EUMELIA (Ευμελια): Ancient Greek name derived from the word eumeleia, meaning "melody."
EUNIKE (Εὐνίκη): Greek name composed of the elements eu "good" and nike "victory," hence "good victory." In the New Testament bible, this is the name of Timothy's mother.
EUPHÊMÊ (Εύφημη): Greek name composed of the elements eu "good, well" and phemi "I speak," hence "Well I speak." In mythology, this is the name of a goddess of good omen, praise, and shouts of triumph.
EUPHÊMIA (Ευφημία): Variant form of Greek Euphêmê, meaning "Well I speak."
EUPHROSYNÊ (Ευφροσύνη): Greek name meaning "joy, mirth." In mythology, this is the name of one of the three Graces.
EUPRAXIA (Ευπραξία): Greek name composed of the elements eu "good," and praxis "action, exercise, practice," hence "good conduct." In mythology, this is the name of a goddess or spirit of good conduct.
EUROPE (Ευρώπη): Greek name composed of the elements euro "wide" and opsis "face, a sight, a view," hence "wide-faced." In mythology, this is the name of the mother of Minos and the name from which the continent of Europe was derived.
EURYBIA (Ευρυβία): Greek name meaning "wide force." In mythology, this is the name of a goddess of the seas, and wife of the Titan Krios.
EURYDIKE (Ευρυδίκη): Greek name composed of the elements eurys "wide" and dike "justice," hence "wide justice." In mythology, this is the name of several characters, including the wives of Akrisios, Kreon, Nestor, and Orpheus. 
EURYNOME: Greek name meaning "far-ruling." In Orphic mythology, this was the name of the goddess-queen of the world before Rhea and Kronos cast her and her husband Ophion into Tartarus.
EUTERPE (Ευτέρπη): Greek name meaning "delight." In mythology, this is the name of one of the Muses fathered by Zeus, known as the "giver of pleasure."
EUTHALIA (Ευθαλία): Greek name composed of the word eu "good, well" and the name Thaleia "blooming, flourishing," hence "well-blooming/flourishing." This is the also the name of some species of butterflies. 
EUTROPIA (Ευτροπια): Feminine form of Greek Eutropios, meaning "versatile." Compare with another form of Eutropia.
EVA (Εὔα): Greek form of Hebrew Chavvah, meaning "life." In the bible, this is the name of the first woman, the mother of the entire human family. Compare with another form of Eva.
EVDOKIA: Variant spelling of Greek Eudokia, meaning "good-seeming."
EVGENIA: Modern form of Greek Eugeneia, meaning "well born."
FOTEINI (Φωτεινή): Variant form of Greek Photine, meaning "light."
FOTINI (Φωτινή): Variant spelling of Greek Foteini, meaning "light."
FRONA: Short form of Greek Sofronia, meaning "self-controlled."
GAIA (Γαï¿½α): Greek name meaning "earth." In mythology, this is the name of the goddess of earth, the wife of Ouranos and mother of the Titans. Her Roman name is Terra.
GALÊNÊ (Γαλήνη): Greek name meaning "calm seas." In mythology, this is the name of a sea nymph and goddess of calm seas.
GE (Γῆ): Modern form of Greek Gaia, meaning "earth." In mythology, this is the name of the goddess of earth, the wife of Ouranos and mother of the Titans.
GIA: Variant spelling of Greek Gaia, meaning "earth."
GLYKERIA (Γλυκερία): Greek name derived from the word glykys, meaning "sweet."
GOLGOTHA (Γολγοθά): Greek name derived from Aramaic gûlgalthâ ("skull"), hence "place of the skull." In the bible, this is the name of the place where Jesus was crucified.
GORGOPHONE (Γοργοφόνη): Greek name composed of the elements gorgo "grim" and phonos "murderer, slayer," hence "grim slayer." In mythology, this is the name of a daughter of Perseus.
HAGNE (Άγνη): Greek name derived from the word hagnos, meaning "chaste; holy." 
HALKYONE (Ἁλκυόνη): Variant spelling of Greek Alkyone, meaning "kingfisher." In mythology, this was the name of a daughter of Æolus and Cyx.
HANNA (Ἄννα): Greek form of Hebrew Channah, meaning "favor; grace." In the New Testament bible, this is the name of a prophetess in Jerusalem. Compare with other forms of Hanna.
HARMONIA (Αρμονία): Greek name meaning "concord, harmony." In mythology, this is the name of the daughter of Ares and Aphrodite. Her Latin name is Concordia.
HATHOR (Αθορ): Greek form of Egyptian Het-Heru, meaning "house of Horos."
HÊBÊ (Ἥβη): Greek name derived from the word hebos, meaning "young." In mythology, this is the name of a goddess of youth.
HEKABE (Ἑκάβη): Greek name possibly meaning "worker from far off." In mythology, this is the name of the mother of Kassandra and Polydoros by Priam.
HEKATE (Εκάτη): Variant spelling of Greek Hekabe, meaning "worker from far off." In mythology, this is the name of a goddess of witchcraft, demons, graves, and the underworld.
HELÉNĒ (Ἑλένη): Greek name probably derived from the word helénē, meaning "torch." In mythology, this is the name of the most beautiful woman ever to exist whose abduction by Paris caused the Trojan war.
HELLE (Έλλη): Greek name meaning "of the Hellespont." In mythology, this is the name of the twin sister of Phrixos. The twins were children of Athamas and Nephelê. Compare with other forms of Helle.
HEMERA (Ημέρα): Greek name meaning "day." In mythology, this is the name of a primeval goddess of day, the daughter of Erebos and Nyx, and sister-wife of Aither.
HÊRÂ (Ήρα): Greek myth name of the wife of Zeus. Of unknown meaning. Her name is not Greek or Indo-European. She may have originally been a deity of the Minoan pantheon or of some other unidentifiable pre-Greek people. Her Roman name is Juno, meaning "vital force."
HERMIONE (῾Ερμιόνη): Greek name derived from the name of the god Hermês, meaning "of the earth." In mythology, this is the name of the daughter of Menelaos and Helénē.
HERO (Ἡρὼ): Greek name derived form the word hērōs, meaning "hero." In mythology, this is the name of the lover of Leandros (Latin Leander).
HERODIAS (Ἡρωδιάς): Feminine form of Greek Herodes ("hero"), meaning "heroic." In the bible, this is the name of the daughter of Aristoboulos and granddaughter of Herod the Great.
HESTIA (Ἑστία): Greek name meaning "altar, hearth, fireside." In mythology, this is the name of a goddess of the hearth. Her Roman name is Vesta.
HIPPOLYTE (Ἱππολύτη): Feminine form of Greek Hippolytos, meaning "horse-freer." In Greek mythology, this is a name of the daughter of Ares. 
HŌSANNA (Ωσαννά): Greek feminine form of Hebrew unisex Hosha'na, meaning "deliver us." In the bible, this was the cry of the people who recognized Jesus as the Messiah when he entered Jerusalem.
HYDRA (Ὕδρα): Greek name derived from the word hydor, meaning "water." In mythology, this is the name of a many-headed water dragon killed by Herakles.
HYPATIA (Ὑπατια): Feminine form of Greek Hypatios and Latin Hypatius, meaning "most high, supreme." 
IANTHE (Ιάνθη): Greek name meaning "violet flower." In mythology, this is the name of an ocean nymph.
IEZABEL (Ἰεζάβελ): Greek form of Hebrew Iyzebel ("Ba'al exalts," "unchaste," or "without cohabitation"), but meaning "chaste, intact." In the bible, this is the name of the evil wife of King Ahab. She was eaten by dogs as prophesied by Elijah.
ILITHYIA: Variant spelling of Greek Eileithyia, meaning "relieve." In mythology, this is the name of a goddess of childbirth. Her Latin name is Lucina.
IÔ (Ιώ): Greek name meaning "the moon." In mythology, this is the name of a priestess of Hêrâ who was loved by Zeus. It is also the name of a moon of Jupiter. 
IOANNA (Ιωάννα): Feminine form of Greek Ioannes, meaning "God is gracious." In the bible, this is the name of a follower of Jesus.
IOKASTE (Ἰοκάστη): Greek name, possibly meaning "violet tinted (clouds)." In mythology, this is the name of the mother and wife of Oidipous. Jocasta is the Latin form.
IOLANTHE (Ιολανθη): Greek name, apparently coined by Gilbert and Sullivan for their play of the same name first produced in London on November 25, 1882, composed of the Greek elements iole "violet" and anthos "flower," hence "violet flower."
IOLE (Ιόλη): Greek name derived from the word iole, meaning "violet." In mythology, this is the name of a woman loved by Herakles.
IOULIA (Ἰουλία): Feminine form of Greek Ioulios, meaning "descended from Jupiter (Jove)." In the bible, this is the name of a Christian woman mentioned in Romans 16:15.
IPHIGENEIA (Ἰφιγένεια): Greek name composed of the elements iphios "strong" and genes "born," hence "strong-born." In mythology, this is the name of the daughter of King Agamemnon.
IRIS (Ίρις): Greek name meaning "rainbow." In mythology, this is the name of a rainbow goddess. In use by the English as a feminine name, and by the Jews as a unisex name.
ISIDORA (Ισίδωρα): Feminine form of Greek Isidoros, meaning "gift of Isis." Compare with another form of Isidora.
ISIS (Ίσις): Greek form of Coptic Esi, meaning "(female) of the throne," which is usually translated "Queen of the throne." This name is a corruption of her true name which is unknown because Egyptian hieroglyphs left out most of the vowels.
ISMÊNÊ (Ἰσμήνη): Greek name derived from the word isme, meaning "knowledge." In mythology, this is the name of the daughter of Oidipous.
IVA: Variant spelling of Greek Eva, meaning "life." Compare with other forms of Iva.
JOCASTE (Ἰοκάστη): Variant spelling of Greek Iokaste, possibly meaning "violet tinted (clouds)." In mythology, this is the name of the mother and wife of Oidipous. 
KALLIGENEIA (Καλλιγένεια): Greek name composed of the elements kallos "beauty" and genes "born," hence "beauty-born." In mythology, this is the name of the nymph nurse of the goddess Demeter and her daughter Persephone.
KALLIOPE (Καλλιόπη): Greek name composed of the elements kallos "beauty" and ops "voice," hence "beautiful voice." In mythology, this is the the name of the muse of epic poetry.
KALLISTÊ (Καλλίστη): Greek name derived from the word kallistos, meaning "most beautiful." In mythology, this is the name of a Haliad nymph, the daughter of the sea god Triton. This is also a surname belonging to Artemis. The Latin forms are Calliste and Callista.
KALLISTO (Καλλιστώ): Greek name derived from the word kallistos, meaning "most beautiful." In mythology, this is the name of the daughter of Lykaon, king of Arcadia. The Latin form is Callisto.
KALYPSO (Καλυψώ): Greek name derived from the word kalypto ("to cover, to conceal"), hence "she who conceals." In mythology, this is the name of a sea nymph and daughter of Atlas.
KANDAKE (Κανδάκη): Greek name of foreign origin, meaning "prince of servants." In Acts 8:27 of the New Testament bible, a queen of Ethiopia is referred to by this name. But it was not actually a personal name, but the name of a dynasty of Ethiopian queens. 
KARME (Κάρμη): Greek name meaning "to shear." In mythology, this is the name of a harvest goddess.
KASSANDRA (Κασσάνδρα): Greek name meaning "she who entangles men." In mythology, this is the name of King Priam's daughter to whom Apollo gave the gift of foresight then later caused her prophecies to be ignored because she refused his advances. 
KASSIOPEIA (Κασσιέπεια): Greek name meaning "she whose words excel." In mythology, this is the name of one of the fifty Nereids who became the wife of Kepheus and mother of Andromēde. 
KERES (Κῆρες): Greek myth name of female "death-spirits," daughters of Nyx, who are the sources of evil. Ker is the singular form and the name of a goddess of violent death.
KETO (Κητώ): Greek name meaning "sea monster." In mythology, this is the name of a goddess of sharks, whales, and other dangers of the sea.
KHARIKLO (Χαρικλώ): Greek name meaning "graceful spinner." In mythology, this is the name of the nymph wife of Kheiron (Latin Chiron) the centaur.
KHARIS (Χάρις): Greek name meaning "charm, grace, kindness." In mythology, this is the singular form of plural Kharites (Charites), a name for the goddesses of charm.
KHLOE (Χλόη): Variant spelling of Greek Chloē, meaning "green shoot." In mythology, this is a surname of the goddess Demeter. 
KHLORIS (Χλωρίς): Greek name, meaning "green buds." In mythology, this is the name of a goddess of flowers and vegetation.
KHRYSEIS (Χρύσηίς): Greek name derived from the word khrysos, meaning "golden." In mythology, this is the name of a Trojan girl mentioned briefly in Homer's Iliad.
KHTHONIA (Χθόνια): Feminine form of Greek Khthonios, meaning "of the earth (especially the inner earth, i.e. underworld)." In mythology, this is an epithet of Hekate or Persephone.
KIRKE (Κίρκη): Greek name meaning "hoop-round." In mythology, this is the goddess pharmakeia (witch or sorceress) who lived on the island of Aiaia and changed Odysseus's men into hogs. 
KLEIO (Κλειώ): Greek name derived from the word kleos, meaning "glory." In mythology, this is the name of a muse of poetry and history.
KLEOPATRA (Κλεοπάτρα): Greek name composed of the elements kleos "glory" and patēer "father," hence "glory of the father." Cleopatra VII reigned as Queen of Egypt from 51-30 B.C. She was born in 69 B.C. in Alexandria, Egypt and is believed to have been black African. 
KLOTHO (Κλωθώ): Greek name meaning "spinner." In mythology, this is the name of one of the three Fates (Moirae).
KLYMENE (Κλυμένη): Greek name meaning "praiseworthy might." In mythology, this is the name of several characters including the Oceanid who was the mother of Atlas and Prometheus.
KLYTAIMNESTRA (Κλυταιμνήστρα): Greek name composed of the elements klytos "famous, praiseworthy," and mnestria "wooing," hence "famous for her suitors." In mythology, this is the name of the wife of Agamemnon.
KLYTIÊ: Greek name derived from the word klytos, meaning "famous." In mythology, this is the name of a nymph who was buried alive in sand and transformed into a sunflower.
KORA: Variant spelling of Greek Kore, meaning "maiden."
KORE (Κόρη): Greek name meaning "maiden." In mythology, this is a title belonging to Persephone, a goddess of the underworld.
KORI: Variant spelling of Greek Kore, meaning "maiden."
KORINA: Variant spelling of Greek Korinna, meaning "maiden."
KORINNA (Κόριννα): A derivative of Greek Kore, meaning "maiden."
KUMA (Κύμα): Greek name meaning "sprout" or "wave." Also spelled Kyma.
KURIA (Κυρία): Greek name meaning "lady."
KYBELE (Κυβηλη): Greek myth name of a Phrygian goddess of fertility, traditionally rendered "she of the hair."
KYMA (Κύμα): Greek name meaning "sprout" or "wave." Also spelled Kuma.
KYNTHIA (Κύνθια): Greek name meaning "woman from Kynthos." The Latin form is Cynthia.
KYRA (Κύρα): Feminine form of Greek Kyros, meaning "like the sun." 
KYRIAKE (Κυριακή): Feminine form of Greek Kyriakos, meaning "of the lord."
KYRIAKI: Variant spelling of Greek Kyriake, meaning "of the lord."
LAKHESIS (Λάχεσις): Greek name meaning "apportioner; disposer of lots." In mythology, this is the name of one of the three Fates (Moirae).
LALAGE (Λαλαγη): Classical Greek name derived from the word lalagein, meaning "to babble." 
LAMIA (Λαμία): Greek myth name of an evil spirit who abducts and devours children, meaning "large shark." The name means "vampire" in Latin and "fiend" in Arabic.
LÁRISA (Λάρισα): Greek name derived from the name of an ancient city, possibly meaning "fortified town." 
LAVRA (Λαύρα): Greek name meaning "an alley, a passage." Compare with another form of Lavra.
LEDA (Λήδα): Greek name meaning "woman." In mythology, this is the name of the mother of Kastor, Pollux and Helen.
LÊTÔ (Λητώ): Greek name meaning "the hidden one." In mythology, this is the name of the mother of Apollo and Artemis.
LEUKOTHEA (Λευκοθέα): Greek name composed of the elements leukos "white" and thea "goddess," hence "white goddess." In mythology, this is the name of a sea goddess who assisted sailors in distress.
LIGEIA (Λίγεια): Greek name derived from the word ligeios, meaning "clear-toned" or "shrill whistling voice." In mythology, this is the name of one of the Sirens.
LOIS (Λωΐς): Greek name of uncertain origin, possibly meaning "agreeable." In the bible, this is the name of the grandmother of Timothy. Compare with masculine Lois.
LYDIA (Λυδία): Greek name meaning "of Lydia." In the bible, this is the name of a woman who was converted to Christianity by Paul.
LYSANDRA (Λυσάνδρα): Feminine form of Greek Lysandros, meaning "freer; liberator." Compare with another form of Lysandra.
LYSIMACHE (Λυσιμάχη): Feminine form of Greek Lysimachos, meaning "freedom fighter."
LYSISTRATE (Λυσιστράτη): Feminine form of Greek Lysistratos, meaning "liberation army." 
MAGDALĒNĒ (Μαγδαληνή): Greek name meaning "of Magdala." In the bible, this is the name of a woman who was cleansed of sin by Jesus and remained with him throughout his ministry, and witnessed his crucifixion and resurrection. 
MAIA (Μαία): Greek name meaning "nursing mother." In mythology, this is the name of the eldest of the Pleiades and mother of Hermês by Zeus. 
MARGARITES (Μαργαρίτες): Greek name derived from the word margaron, meaning "pearl."
MARIA (Μαρία): Greek form of Hebrew Miryam, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion." In the bible, this is the name of many characters, including the mother of Jesus and a sister of Lazaros (Latin Lazarus). Compare with another form of Maria.
MARIAM (Μαριάμ): Greek form of Hebrew Miryam (Aramaic Mariamne), meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion." In the bible, this is the name of a woman of Judah, and the sister of Aarōn and Moses.
MARTHA (Hebrew: מַרְתָּה, Aramaic: מַרְתָּא, Greek: Μάρθα): Greek name of Aramaic origin, meaning "lady, mistress." In the bible, this is the name of a sister of Lazaros (Latin Lazarus).
MEDEIA (Μήδεια): Greek name meaning "cunning." In mythology, this is the name of the sorceress who helped Iason (Latin Jason) steal the Golden Fleece from his father. When Jason later abandoned her for another woman, she got revenge by killing two of her own children fathered by him. 
MEDOUSA (Μέδουσα): Greek name meaning "guardian." In mythology, this is the name of one of the three Gorgons who had snakes for hair, and whose glance turned anyone who looked at them to stone. She was the only Gorgon who was mortal.
MEGAIRA (Μέγαιρα): Greek name meaning "grudge." In mythology, this is the name of one of the Furies (Erinyes). Virgil named two others: Alekto "unceasing" and Tisiphone "murder-retribution."
MELAINA (Μέλαινα): Variant spelling of Greek Melaine, meaning "black, dark." In mythology, this is the name of a Naiad Nymph of springs.
MELAINE (Μελαινη): Greek name derived from the word, melaina, meaning "black, dark." In mythology, this is the name of a Naiad Nymph of springs.
MELETÊ (Μελέτη): Greek name meaning "practice." In mythology, this is the name of one of the three original Muses, before their number was increased to nine. 
MELINA (Μελίνα): Greek name derived from the word méli, meaning "honey."
MELISSA (Μέλισσα): Greek name derived from the word melissa, meaning "honey-sap." In mythology, this is the name of a nymph who cared for Zeus in his infancy.
MELITE (Μελίτη): From the Greek name for the country of Malta, from the Greek word meli, meaning "honey."
MELPOMENÊ (Μελπομένη): Greek name meaning "choir." In mythology, this is the name of the muse of tragedy.
MINTHE (Μένθη): Greek name meaning "mint." In mythology, this is the name of a water nymph who was turned into a mint plant.
MNÊMÊ (Μνήμη): Greek name meaning "memory." In mythology, this is the name of one of the three original Muses. 
MNÊMOSYNÊ (Μνημοσύνη): Greek name meaning "memory." In mythology, this is the name of the personification of memory, a Titaness and daughter of Gaia and Ouranos. 
MYRINA (Μυρίνα): Greek name possibly meaning "swiftly bounding." In mythology, this is the name of a warrior queen of the Amazons who defeated the people of Atlantis.
MYRINE (Μυρίνη): Variant spelling of Greek Myrina, possibly meaning "swiftly bounding."
MYRRINE (Μυρρίνη): Ancient Greek name derived from the word myron, meaning "myrrh." 
NANA (Νανα): Pet form of Greek Ioanna, meaning "God is gracious." Compare with another form of Nana.
NARKISSA (Νάρκισσα): Feminine form of Greek Narkissos, possibly meaning "numbness; sleep."
NATÁSA (Νατάσα): Pet form of Greek Anastasia, meaning "resurrection."
NATASSA (Νατάσσα): Variant spelling of Greek Natása, meaning "resurrection."
NEMESIS (Νέμεσις): Greek name meaning "retribution; righteous anger." In mythology, this is the name of the goddess of justice and vengeance.
NEPHELÊ (Νεφέλη): Greek name meaning "cloud." In mythology, this is the name a goddess of the clouds and mother of the centaurs.
NEPHTHYS (Νέφθυς): Greek form of Egyptian Nebt-Het, a goddess of death having a fiery breath, meaning "lady of the enclosure (temple)." She was the mother of the funerary deity Anubis.
NERINE: Feminine form of Greek Nêreus, meaning "daughter of Nereus" or "sea sprite" or "wet one." It is also the name of a genus of plants native to South Africa but now spread worldwide. It is a bulb plant that produces beautiful pink funnel-shaped flowers in the fall, similar to the Belladonna Lily, though smaller. In use by the English.
NIKÊ (Νίκη): Greek name meaning "victory." In mythology, this is the name of a goddess of victory.
NIKEPHOROS (Νικηφόρος): Ancient Greek unisex name composed of the elements nike "victory" and phoreo "to bear/carry," hence "victory-bearer."
NIKOLETA (Νικολίτα): Feminine form of Greek Nikolaos, meaning "victor of the people."
NYX (Νύξ): Greek name meaning "night." In mythology, this is the name of a goddess of night.
OINONE (Οινώνη): Greek name meaning "wine." In mythology, this is the name of a Naiad nymph who was the first wife of Paris. 
OKYRHOE (Οκυροη): Greek name meaning "fast-flowing." In mythology, this is the name of a Naiad nymph, the daughter of Kheiron (Latin Chiron).
OLIMPIA (Ολυμπία): Older spelling of Greek Olympia, meaning "of Olympus." 
OLYMPIA (Ολυμπία): From the Greek place name, a feminine form of Greek Olympos ("home of the gods"), meaning "of Olympus." 
OLYMPIAS (Ολυμπιάς): Ancient Greek name of the mother of Alexander the Great. It is a feminine form of Greek Olympos ("home of the gods"), meaning "of Olympus." 
OPHELIA (Οφέλια): Feminine form of Greek Ophelos, meaning "help." This name was used by Shakespeare for an ill-omened character in Hamlet.
OURANIA (Ουρανία): Greek myth name of a muse of astronomy, derived from the word ouranios, meaning "heavenly."
PALLAS (Παλλάς): Greek unisex name derived from the word pallô, meaning "to brandish a weapon." In mythology, this is the name of many characters in Greek mythology: a son of Euandros (Latin Evander); a giant son of Ouranos (Latin Uranus) and Gaia; a Titan son of Krios (Latin Crius) and Eurybia; the father of the 50 Pallantids; a daughter of Triton; and it is an epithet of Athene. 
PANAGIOTA (Παναγιώτα): Feminine form of Greek Panagiotis, meaning "all-holy."
PANDORA (Πανδώρα): Greek name composed of the elements pan "all" and doron "gift," hence "all-gift." In mythology, this is the name of the first mortal woman whose curiosity unleashed evil into the world.
PARASKEVE (Παρασκευή): Greek name meaning "preparation."
PARTHENIA (Παρθενιά): In Greek mythology an unnamed river nymph is said to have been the mother of a Trojan hero who fought against the Greeks. She is known only by the title Naias Parthenia, meaning "Naias Nymphe of the River Parthenios (in Paphlagonia, Anatolia)." Parthenia and Parthenios were both derived from the Greek word parthenos, meaning "virgin."
PARTHENOPÊ (Παρθενορή): Greek name composed of the elements parthenos "virgin" and ops "voice," hence "virgin voice." In mythology, this is the name of one of the Sirens.
PELAGIA (Πελαγία): Feminine form of Greek Pelagios, meaning "of the sea."
PENELOPEIA (Πηνελόπεια): Greek name composed of the elements pene "needle" and lopas "spool," which may denote someone whose motives are hard to decipher, hence "weaver of cunning." In mythology, this is the name of the patient wife of Odysseus who waited ten years for his return during which she refused several proposals of marriage by princes.
PÊRÔ (Πηρω): Greek name meaning "disabled, lame." In mythology, this is the name of a daughter of Nileas (Latin Neleus) and Khloris (Latin Chloris).
PERSEPHONE (Περσεφόνη): Greek name probably composed of the elements persô "person; human being" and phonos "murderer, slayer," hence "person-slayer." In mythology, this is the name of a goddess of the underworld, a daughter of Zeus and Demeter. Her Roman name is Proserpina.
PERSIS (Πέρσις): Greek name meaning "Persian woman." In the bible, this is the name of a Christian woman mentioned by Paul in his epistle to the Romans.
PHAIDRA (Φαίδρα): Greek name derived from the word phaidros, meaning "bright." In mythology, this is the name of the wife of Theseus who fell in love with her stepson Hippolytos.
PHANESSA: Feminine form of Greek Phanês, meaning "bring to light; make appear." 
PHERENIKE (Φερενίκη): Greek name composed of the elements pherein "to bring" and nike "victory," hence "bringer of victory." 
PHILE: Feminine form of Greek Philon, meaning "to love."
PHILLIDA: Variant spelling of Greek Phyllida, meaning "foliage." In use by the English.
PHILOMEL (Φιλομήλ): Short form of Greek Philomela, meaning "sweet singer; nightingale."
PHILOMELA (Φιλομήλα): Greek name composed of the elements philos "dear, sweet" and melos "song," usually rendered "sweet singer; nightingale." In mythology, this is the name of a princess who was raped and had her tongue cut out.
PHILOMENA (Φιλομήνα): This is the name of a virgin martyr of the Roman Catholic Church, said to have been a Greek princess who was tortured and finally decapitated in the 4th century. Her name was dropped from the calendar of saints in 1961. It is probably a feminine form of Greek Philomenos, meaning "friend of ease." 
PHILYRE (Φιλύρη): Greek name meaning "linden tree; lime tree." In mythology, this is the name of an Ocean nymph of Mount Pelion who mothered the centaur Kheiron (Latin Chiron) by Kronos (Latin Cronus).
PHOIBE (Φοίβη): Greek name meaning "shining one." In mythology, this is the name of a Titan goddess of bright intellect.
PHOTINE (Φωτινή): Greek name derived from the word phos, meaning "light."
PHYLLIDA: Feminine form of Greek Phyllidos, meaning "foliage." In use by the English.
PHYLLIS (Φυλλίς): Feminine form of Greek Phyllidos, meaning "foliage." In mythology, this is the name of a girl who killed herself over love and was transformed into an almond tree, meaning "foliage."
PLÊIONÊ (Πλειόνη): Greek name meaning "more, plenty." In mythology, this is the name of the Okeanid nymph wife of Atlas.
PODARGE (Ποδαργη): Greek unisex name meaning "fleet-foot." In mythology, this is the name of several characters: 1) one of the Harpies who was the mother of Balios and Xanthos; 2) another name for the rainbow goddess Iris; and 3) it was Priam's birth name; he changed it after buying his life from Herakles.
POLONA (Πολωνα): Short form of Greek Apollonia, meaning "of Apollo." 
POLYMNIA (Πολύμνια): Greek name composed of the elements polys "much" and hymnos "hymn, song," hence "very musical" or "many hymns." In mythology, this is the name of the muse of dance and sacred hymns. 
POLYXENE (Πολυξένη): Greek name composed of the elements polys "much" and xenoi "hospitable (esp. to foreigners)," hence "very foreign" or "very hospitable (esp. to foreigners)." In mythology, this is the name of a daughter of Priam and Hekabe (Latin Hecuba).
PRISKA (Πρίσκα): Greek name meaning "ancient." In the bible, this is a name used in the New Testament to refer to Aquila's wife Priskilla (Latin Priscilla). 
PRISKILLA (Πρίσκιλλα): Pet form of Greek Priska, meaning "ancient." In the New Testament bible, this is the name of Aquila's wife.
PROKRIS (Πρόκρις): Greek name, possibly meaning either "dew" or "to condemn." In mythology, this is the name of the wife of Kephalos (Latin Cephalus).
PSYKHE (ψυχή): Greek name derived from the word psykhe ("soul, mind, spirit, breath, life"), meaning "animating spirit." In mythology, this is the name of a mortal princess who was loved by Eros.
PTOLEMA: Feminine form of Greek Ptolemy, meaning "aggressive, warlike."
REAH: Variant spelling of Greek Rhea, meaning "ease, flow."
RHAAB (Ῥαάβ): Greek form of Hebrew Rachab, meaning "ample, broad, spacious, wide." In the bible, this is the name of a harlot of Jericho who aided the spies in their escape and was saved from destruction.
RHACHAB (ῬαΧάβ): Variant form of Greek Rhaab, a form of Hebrew Rachab, meaning "ample, broad, spacious, wide." In the bible, this is the name of a harlot of Jericho who aided the spies in their escape and was saved from destruction.
RHACHEL (Ῥαχήλ): Greek form of Hebrew Rachel, meaning "ewe." In the bible, this is the name of Jacob's wife.
RHEA (Ῥέα): Greek name meaning "ease, flow." In mythology, this is the name of the wife of Kronos (Latin Cronus) and mother of Zeus.
RHEBEKKA (Ῥεβέκκα): Greek form of Hebrew Ribqah, meaning "ensnarer." In the bible, this is the name of the wife of Isaák.
RHEIA (Ρεία): Variant spelling of Greek Rhea, meaning "ease, flow."
RHODĒ (Ῥόδη): Greek name meaning "rose." In the bible, this is the name of a servant in the house of Mary.
RHOUTH (Ῥούθ): Greek form of Hebrew Ruwth ("appearance" or "friendship"), meaning "female friend." In the New Testament bible, this is the name of an ancestor of David and of Christ. 
SALŌMĒ (Σαλώμη): Greek form of Hebrew Shelomiyth, meaning "peaceful." In the New Testament bible, this is the name of a woman who witnessed Christ's crucifixion. It is also said (by the historian Josephus) to have been the name of the daughter of Herodias (consort of Herod Antipas), who demanded the head of John the Baptist after dancing for Herod.
SAPPHEIRE (Σαπφειρη): Variant form of Greek Sapphira, derived from the word sappheiros, meaning "sapphire." 
SAPPHIRA (Σάπφιρα): Greek name meaning "sapphire." In the bible, this is the name of the wife of Ananias.
SAPPHO (Σαπφώ): Greek name, possibly derived from the word sappheiros, meaning "lapis lazuli; sapphire."
SARRA (Σάρρα): Greek form of Hebrew Sarah, meaning "noble lady, princess." In the bible, this is the name that God gave to Sarai, wife of Abraham.
SATYRION (Σάτυριον): Greek myth name of the nymph mother of Tarasios, meaning "hairy one (satyr)." This is also the name of an ancient aphrodisiac made from ragwort.
SELENE (Σελήνη): Greek myth name of a moon goddess, meaning "moon."
SEMELE (Σεμέλη): Greek name meaning "of the earth (or underworld)." In mythology, this is the name of a daughter of Kadmos (Latin Cadmus), the mortal mother of Dionysos. Also known as Thyone.
SIBYL (Σίβύλ): Short form of Greek Sibylla, meaning "prophetess." The sibyls are first mentioned by Heraclitus in the 5th century BC. "The Sibyl, with frenzied mouth uttering things not to be laughed at, unadorned and unperfumed, yet reaches to a thousand years with her voice by aid of the god," originally one of the chthonic earth-goddesses.
SIBYLLA (Σίβύλλα): Greek name derived from the word sibylla, meaning "prophetess." 
SKYLLA (Σκύλλα): Greek name meaning "tear and rend." In mythology, this is the name of a sea goddess resembling a mermaid but having numerous ravenous canine foreparts.
SOFIA: Variant spelling of Greek Sophia, meaning "wisdom." This form of the name is in wide use throughout Europe by the Finnish, Italians, Germans, Norwegians, Portuguese and Swedish.
SOFRONIA (Σωφρονία): Variant spelling of Greek Sophronia, meaning "self-controlled."
SOPHIA (Σoφï¿½α): Greek name meaning "wisdom."
SOPHIE: French form of Greek Sophia, meaning "wisdom."
SOPHRONIA (Σωφρονία): Feminine form of Greek Sophronios, meaning "self-controlled."
SOSTRATE (Σωστράτη): Feminine form of Greek Sostratos, meaning "safe army."
SOTIRIA (Σωτηρία): Feminine form of Greek Sotiris, meaning "salvation."
SOUSÁNNA (Σουσάννα): Greek name derived from Hebrew shuwshan, meaning "lily." In the bible, this is the name of a woman who ministered to Christ. 
SPYRIDOULA (Σπυριδούλα): Feminine form of Greek Spyridon, meaning "spirit."
STAMATIA (Σταματία): Feminine form of Greek Stamatios, meaning "stop."
SYNTYCHE (Συντύχη): Greek name meaning "common fate" or "with fate." In the bible, this is the name of a woman belonging to the church at Philippi mentioned by Paul in one of his epistles.
TABITHA (Aramaic: טַבְיְתָא, Greek: Ταβιθά, Hebrew: צְבִיָּה): Greek name of Aramaic origin, meaning "female gazelle." In the New Testament bible, this is the name of a woman restored to life by Peter. The name was translated as Dorkas in Acts 9:36.
TALITHA (Greek: Ταλιθά, Aramaic: טלתא): Greek name derived from the word talitha, "damsel, maiden," from Aramaic taleh (טָלֶה, "young lamb"). In the bible, Jesus spoke the words talitha koum(i) ("damsel, get up") to a little girl that he healed. 
TANIS (Τάνις): Greek form of Phoenician Tanith, possibly meaning "serpent lady. In Egyptian her name means "land of Neith."
TASOULA (Τασούλα): Short form of Greek Anastasoula, meaning "resurrection."
TERPSIKHORE (Τερψιχόρη): Greek myth name of a muse of dance, meaning "enjoying the dance."
TETHYS (Τηθύς): Greek name meaning "grandmother; nurse." In mythology, this is the name of a Titaness and sea goddess, the daughter of Ouranos (Latin Uranus) and Gaia (Latin Gæa).
THAÏS (Θαΐς): Greek name, possibly meaning "bandage." This was the name of a famous Greek hetaera who lived during the time of Alexander the Great and accompanied him on his campaigns.
THALASSA (θάλασσα): Greek name meaning "sea." In mythology, this is the name of a daughter of Aither (Latin Æther) and Hemera. She was a feminine personification of the Mediterranean Sea.
THALEIA (Θάλεια): Greek name derived from the word thallein, meaning "blooming, flourishing." In mythology, this is the name of the muse of comedy and pastoral poetry.
THANA (θάνα): Feminine form of Greek Thanatos, meaning "death." Compare with another form of Thana.
THEA: Short form of Greek and Latin Dorothea, meaning "gift of God." Compare with another form of Thea.
THEKLA (Θέκλα): Contracted form of Greek Theokleia, meaning "glory of God."
THEMIS (Θέμις): Greek name meaning "law." In mythology, this is the name of the Titan mother of the three original Fates.
THEODORA (Θεοδώρα): Feminine form of Greek Theodoros, meaning "gift of God." Compare with another form of Theodora.
THEODOSIA (Θεοδοσία): Feminine form of Greek Theodosios, meaning "god-giving." Compare with another form of Theodosia.
THEOKLEIA (Θεόκλεια): Feminine form of Greek Theoklés, meaning "glory of God."
THEOPHANIA (Θεοφάνια): Feminine form of Greek Theophanes, meaning "manifestation of God." This name used to be given to girls born on the Epiphany (January 6)--also called the 12th day of Christmas--which commemorates the visit of the three wise men (the Magi) to the infant Jesus.
THEOPHILA (Θεοφιλά): Feminine form of Greek Theophilos, meaning "God's friend."
THERA (Θήρα): Greek name meaning "lustrous." In mythology, this is the name of one of Amphion's seven daughters. Compare with another form of Thera.
THETIS (Θέτις): Greek name meaning "one who places." In mythology, this is the name of a sea goddess, one of the fifty Nereids.
THYIA (Θυία): Greek name meaning "Bacchic frenzy." In mythology, this is the name of a nymph of Mount Parnassus loved by Apollo. She is said to have been the first to have celebrated orgies in honor of Dionysos. She was the mother of Makedon by Zeus. 
THYONE (Θυώνη): Greek name meaning "inspired frenzy." In mythology, this is the name Semele was called when her son Dionysos fetched her from Hades and brought her to Olympus.
TIMO (Τίμω): Feminine form of Greek Timon, meaning "honor." Compare with masculine Timo.
TIMOTHEA (Τιμοθέα): Feminine form of Greek Timotheos, meaning "to honor God." Compare with other forms of Timothea.
TISIPHONE (Τισιφόνη): Greek name composed of the elements tisis "retribution" and phone "murder," hence "murder-retribution." In mythology, this is the name of one of the Erinyes, messengers of ill-omen. Virgil named two others: Megaira "grudge," and Alekto "unceasing."
TITAIA: Greek name, said to be cognate with Sanskrit tithá, "fire," from Aryan tith, "to burn." In mythology, this is the name of the mother of the Titans who were named after her; therefore possibly another name for Gaia (Earth). 
TITANIA (Τιτάνια): Feminine form of Greek Titanos, meaning "of the Titans." Compare with another form of Titania.
TRYPHAINA (Τρύφαινα): Greek name derived from the word tryphe, meaning "luxurious living; softness." In the bible, this is the name of a woman greeted by Paul in Romans 16:12.
TRYPHOSA (Τρυφωσα): Variant form of Greek Tryphaina, meaning "luxurious living; softness." In the bible, this is the name of a certain Christian woman mentioned by Paul in Romans 16:12.
TYRO (Τυρώ): Greek name meaning "like cheese." In mythology, this is the name of a Thessalian princess who was the mother of Nileas (Latin Neleus).
VASILIKI (Βασιλική): Feminine form of Greek Vasilis ("king"), meaning "queen." 
XANTHÊ (Ξάνθη): Greek name derived from the word xanthos, meaning "blonde, yellow." In mythology, this is the name of an Oceanid, water nymphs presiding over the fresh waters. It is also the name of an Amazon.
XANTHIPPE (Ξανθίππη): Feminine form of Greek Xanthippos, meaning "yellow horse." In mythology, this is the name of a daughter of Doros.
XENA (Ξένα): Feminine form of Greek Xenon, meaning "foreigner; stranger."

XENE (Ξένη): Feminine form of Greek Xenon, meaning "foreigner; stranger."

XENIA (Ξενία): From the ancient Greek word xenia, from xenos "stranger, foreigner," but sometimes rendered "hospitable (esp. to foreigners)." Zeus was sometimes referred to as Zeus Xenia because he was also a god of "travelers." For this reason the ancient Greeks considered it a religious obligation to be "hospitable" to travelers. It is said that the Trojan war began as a result of a violation of Xenia, for Paris had been a guest of Menelaos (Latin Menelaus) and violated Xenia by abducting his host's wife.

ZENA (Ζένα): Contracted form of Greek Zenia, meaning "stranger, foreigner," but sometimes rendered "hospitable (esp. to foreigners)."
ZENAIS (Ζηναις): Greek name, possibly meaning "of Zeus."
ZENIA (Ζένια): Variant spelling of Greek Xenia, meaning "stranger, foreigner," but sometimes rendered "hospitable (esp. to foreigners)."
ZENOBIA (Ζηνοβία): Old Greek name meaning "life of Zeus." 
ZENOVIA: Variant spelling of Greek Zenobia, meaning "life of Zeus." 
ZEPHYRA (Ζεφύρα): Feminine form of Greek Zephyros, meaning "west wind." 
ZOE (Ζωή): Greek name meaning "life." 
ZONA (Ζώνα): Greek name meaning "belt; girdle." Compare with another form of Zona.
ZOSIME (Ζώσιμη): Feminine form of Greek Zosimos, meaning "likely to survive; survivor."