ABBEY: Pet form of Irish Abigail, meaning "little smith." Compare with another form of Abbey.
ABBIE: Pet form of Irish Abigail, meaning "little smith." Compare with another form of Abbie.
ABBY: Pet form of Irish Abigail, meaning "little smith." Compare with another form of Abby.
ABIAGEAL: Irish form of English Abigail, meaning "father rejoices."
AGHADREENA: Irish name meaning "from the field of the sloe bushes."
AGHAMORA: Irish name meaning "from the great field."
AGHNA: Irish form of English Agnes, meaning "chaste; holy."
AGHAVEAGH: Irish name meaning "from the field of the old tree." 
AHANA: Irish name meaning "from the little ford."
AIGNÉIS: Irish Gaelic form of Greek Hagne, meaning "chaste; holy."
AILBHE: Irish Gaelic unisex name, possibly derived from the word albho, meaning "white." In Irish legend, this is the name of a female warrior of the Fianna.
AILISH: Irish Gaelic form of English Alice, meaning "noble sort."
ÁINE (pron. awnya): Irish name derived from the proto-Celtic element *aidnā, meaning "radiance." In mythology, this is the name of a queen of the fairies. She may have originally been a goddess of light.
AINGEAL: Irish Gaelic form of Latin Angela, meaning "angel, messenger."
AISLIN: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Aisling, meaning "dream; vision."

AISLING: Irish Gaelic name meaning "dream; vision."

AISLINN: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Aisling, meaning "dream; vision."

AITHNE: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Eithne, meaning "kernel."

AITHNEA: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Eithne, meaning "kernel."

AOIBHEANN (pronounced ee-ven): Irish Gaelic name meaning "beautiful, fair form."

AOIBHÍN: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Aoibheann, meaning "beautiful, fair form."

AOIBHINN: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Aoibheann, meaning "beautiful, fair form."

AOIFE (pronounced ee-fya): Irish name derived from Gaelic aoibh, meaning "beauty." In mythology, this is the name of a warrior princess. 

ASSUMPTA: Irish form of Spanish Asunción, meaning "assumption."

AURNIA: Irish name meaning "golden lady."

BAIBIN: Pet form of Irish Báirbre, meaning "foreign; strange."

BÁIRBRE: Irish form of Greek Barbara, meaning "foreign; strange."

BÉBHINN: Variant spelling of Irish Béibhinn, meaning "fair lady."
BÉBHIONN: Variant spelling of Irish Béibhinn, meaning "fair lady."
BÉBINN: Variant spelling of Irish Béibhinn, meaning "fair lady."
BÉIBHINN: Irish name meaning "fair lady."
BIDDY: Pet form of Irish Bride, meaning "exalted one." Compare with another form of Biddy.
BLÁITHÍN: Irish name derived from the word blath "flower" with added diminutive suffix, meaning "little flower."
BLÁTHNAID: Variant form of Irish Gaelic Bláthnat, meaning "little flower."
BLÁTHNAT: Irish Gaelic name meaning "little flower." In mythology, this is the name of a maiden who loved Cúchulainn, the hero of Ulster. 
BREANA: Feminine form of Irish Brian, meaning "high hill."
BREANN: Feminine form of Irish Brian, meaning "high hill."
BREANNA: Feminine form of Irish Brian, meaning "high hill."
BREANNE: Feminine form of Irish Brian, meaning "high hill."
BRENDA: Old Irish and Scottish name believed to be of Scandinavian origin, from Old Norse brandr, meaning "sword." 
BRENNA: Feminine form of Irish Brian, meaning "high hill."
BRIANA: Feminine form of Irish Brian, meaning "high hill."
BRIANNA: Feminine form of Irish Brian, meaning "high hill."
BRIANNE: Feminine form of Irish Brian, meaning "high hill."
BRÍD: Pet form of Irish Gaelic Bríghid, meaning "exalted one."
BRIDE: Modern form of Irish Bríd, meaning "exalted one."
BRIDIE: Pet form of Irish Bride, meaning "exalted one."
BRÍDIN: Diminutive form of Irish Gaelic Bríd, meaning "little exalted one."
BRÍGH: Short form of Irish Gaelic Bríghid, meaning "force, strength."
BRÍGHID: Irish derived from Gaelic brígh, meaning "force, strength." In Celtic mythology, this is the name of a goddess, the daughter of Dagda, one of the Tuatha Dé Danann. She is also known by the Gaulish name Brigindos, meaning "exalted one."
BROGAN: Irish surname transferred to unisex forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Brógáin, meaning "descendant of Brógán," hence "little shoe."
BRÓNACH: Irish name derived from the Gaelic word brï¿½n meaning "sorrow."
BRONAGH: Variant spelling of Irish Brónach, meaning "sorrow."
BRONTE: Altered form of Irish Prunty, a form of Gaelic Ó Proinntigh, meaning "descendant of Proinnteach," a personal name that was originally a byname meaning "banquet hall (denoting a "generous person")." In Prunty's altered form (Bronte), the name is identical to the Sicilian place name and the name of a mythological horse of the Sun, meaning "thunder." But Prunty was probably purposely altered to Bronte by bearers of the name who admired Lord Nelson who was awarded the title of Duke of Bronte in 1799 by Ferdinand, King of the Two Sicilies. 
CADHLA: Irish name meaning "beautiful."
CAILÍN: Irish Gaelic name meaning "girl."
CAILÍN: Irish Gaelic name meaning "girl."
CAIT: Short form of Irish Caitríona and Scottish Caitrìona, meaning "pure."
CAITIE: Pet form of Irish Caitríona, meaning "pure."
CAITLÍN: Irish Gaelic form of Old French Cateline, meaning "pure."
CAITRIA: Variant form of Irish Gaelic Caitrín, meaning "pure."
CAITRÍN: Irish Gaelic form of French Catherine, meaning "pure."
CAITRÍONA: Irish Gaelic form of French Catherine, meaning "pure."
CAOILAINN: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Caoilfhionn, meaning "fair and slender."
CAOILFHIONN: Irish Gaelic name composed of the elements caol "slender" and fionn "fair," hence "fair and slender."
CAOILINN: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Caoilfhionn, meaning "fair and slender."
CAOIMHE (pronounced kee-va): Irish name derived from Gaelic caomh, meaning "beloved, comely."
CARLIN: Irish Gaelic unisex name meaning "little champion."
CARLYN: Feminine variant spelling of Irish Gaelic unisex Carlin, meaning "little champion." 
CARY: Irish surname transferred to unisex forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Ciardha, "descendant of Ciardha ("black, dark"), hence "dark one." 
CATRAOINE: Irish Gaelic form of Old French Caterine, meaning "pure."
CATRÍONA: Modern Irish Gaelic form of Greek Aikaterine, meaning "pure."
CÉIBHFHIONN: Irish Gaelic name meaning "fair locks." In mythology, this is the name of a water goddess of inspiration, intelligence, knowledge and creativity.
CIANNAIT: Feminine form of Irish Gaelic Cian, meaning "ancient, distant."
CIARA: Feminine form of Irish Gaelic Ciarán, meaning "little black one."
CLODAGH: Modern Irish name derived from the river name, which probably got its name from Gaelic clodach or cladach, meaning "muddy." 
CODY: Irish surname transferred to unisex forename use, from a variant spelling of the surname Cuddihy (also spelled Cuddy), an Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Cuidighthigh "descendant of Cuidightheach," hence "helper."
COLMCILLA: Irish name meaning "dove of the church."
COMYNA: Feminine form of Irish Comyn, meaning "shrewd."
CONGALIE: Irish name meaning "constant." 
COREEN: Irish form of French Corinne, meaning "maiden."
DÁIRÍNE: Feminine form of Irish Dáire, meaning "fertile, fruitful." 
DAMHNAIT: Irish Gaelic name composed of the word damh "fawn" and a diminutive suffix, hence "little fawn."
DEARBHÁIL: Irish name composed of the Gaelic elements der "daughter" and fáil "destiny," hence "daughter of destiny."
DEARBHLA: Irish Gaelic name meaning "true poet."
ÉABHA: Irish Gaelic form of Greek Eva, meaning "life."
ÉADAN: Variant form of Irish Étaín, meaning "face" or perhaps "against" or "opposite."
ÉADAOIN: Variant spelling of Irish Éadan, meaning "face" or perhaps "against" or "opposite."
ÉBHA: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Éabha, meaning "life."
ÉIBHLEANN: Irish Gaelic name derived from the Old Irish word óiph, meaning "beauty, radiance." Considered by some to be a Gaelic form or equivalent of Greek Helénē ("torch").
ÉIBHLÍN: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Éibhleann, meaning "beauty, radiance."
EILEANÓRA: Irish Gaelic form of Provençal Aliénor, meaning "foreign; the other."
EILÍN: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Éibhlín, meaning "beauty, radiance."
EILÍS: Irish Gaelic form of Greek Elisabet, meaning "God is my oath."
EILISH: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Eilís, meaning "God is my oath."
EIREANN: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Éirinn, meaning "Ireland."
ÉIRINN: Dative case of Irish Gaelic Éire, meaning "Ireland." 
EITHNE (pronounced ee-na): Irish Gaelic name derived from the word eithne, meaning "kernel." Edna, Ena, Enya, Ethna and Etna are Anglicized forms.
EMER: Irish form of Gaelic Éimhear, possibly meaning "ready, swift." In mythology, this is the name of Cúchulainn's wife.
ÉRIU: Irish name meaning "peace." In mythology, this is the name of a goddess of peace and patroness of Ireland.
ÉTAÍN: Irish name derived from the word éadan, Old Irish étan, cognate with Gaelic aodann ("face"), Latin ante ("against") and Sanskrit ánti ("opposite"). Étaín is the heroine of The Wooing of Étaín. She is the daughter of Ailill, king of the Ulaid, second wife to Midir, whose first wife, the jealous Fuamnach, turns her into a pool of water, then a worm, and finally a beautiful butterfly. 
ETHNE: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Eithne, meaning "kernel."
EVELEEN: Diminutive form of Irish Eva, probably meaning "beauty."
FÉIDHELM: Feminine form of Irish Gaelic Féidhlim, possibly meaning "hospitable." In Irish legend, this was the name of a daughter of Conchobhar.
FÍNE: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Fíona, meaning "vine."
FINNGUALA: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Fionnghuala, meaning "white shoulder."
FÍONA: Irish Gaelic name meaning "vine."
FIONNAGHUALA: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Fionnghuala, meaning "white shoulder."
FIONNGHUALA: Gaelic name composed of the elements fionn "fair, white" and guala "shoulder," hence "white shoulder." In Irish mythology, this is the name of one of the children of Lir who were turned into swans for 900 years. 
FIONNUALA: Modern form of Irish Gaelic Fionnghuala, meaning "white shoulder."
FUAMNACH: Irish name meaning "jealous." In mythology, this is the name of the first wife of Midir, lord of the underworld. She is a witch goddess who turns Midir's second wife, the heroine Étaín, into a pool of water, then a worm, and finally a beautiful butterfly. 
GOBINET: Variant spelling of Irish Gobnait, possibly meaning "little smith."
GOBNAIT: Possibly an Irish feminine diminutive form of Celtic Goibniu, meaning "little smith."
GOBNET: Variant spelling of Irish Gobnait, possibly meaning "little smith."
GORMLAITH: Old Irish and Scottish Gaelic name composed of the elements gorm "illustrious, splendid" and flaith "lady, princess," hence "illustrious princess" or "splendid lady."
GRÁINNE: Irish name, possibly related to Gaelic grán, meaning "grain." In mythology, this is the name of the daughter of Cormac mac Airt.
HIOLAIR: Irish feminine form of Latin Hilarius, meaning "joyful, happy."
ÍDE: Irish name derived from the word ítu, meaning "thirst."
ISIBÉAL: Irish Gaelic form of Latin Isabella, meaning "God is my oath." 
ITA: Variant spelling of Irish Íde, meaning "industrious." Compare with another form of Ita.
IÚILE: Irish form of Roman Latin Julia, meaning "descended from Jupiter (Jove)."
LAOISE: Irish form of French Louise, meaning "famous warrior." 
LÉAN: Irish form of Greek Helénē, possibly meaning "torch."
LÍADÁIN: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Líadan, meaning "grey lady."
LÍADAN: Irish Gaelic name derived from the word liath "grey," hence "grey lady." In legend, this is the name of a poetess.
LÍLE: Irish form of Latin Liliana, meaning "lily."
LORETO: From the Italian city name, Loreto, meaning "laurel wood." The city has been a Catholic place of pilgrimage since the 14th century, for it is where the Shrine of the Holy House is. According to legend, after the fall of Jerusalem, a basilica was erected over the Virgin Mary's house. After a threat of destruction by the Turks, angels carried the house from Nazareth to Tersatto, Croatia, then across the Adriatic to a forest near Recantai, and finally to Loreto. In use by the English and Irish.
LUIGHSEACH (pron. Lee-shock): Irish form of Old Gaelic Luíseach, meaning "torch-bringer." Used as an Irish form of Latin Lucia (English Lucy), meaning "light." 
MADAILÉIN: Irish form of French Madeline, meaning "of Magdala."
MAEGHAN: Variant spelling of Irish Meaghan, meaning "pearl."
MÁIRE: Irish Gaelic form of Greek Maria, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion."
MAIRÉAD (pron. my-raid): Irish Gaelic form of Greek Margarites, meaning "pearl."
MAIRENN: Variant form of Irish Gaelic Máirín, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion."
MÁIRÍN: Pet form of Irish Gaelic Máire, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion."
MAIRSILE: Feminine form of Irish Gaelic Marcas, meaning "defense" or "of the sea." 
MALLAIDH: Irish Gaelic form of English Molly, meaning "obstinacy, rebelliousness" or "their rebellion."
MAVE: Variant spelling of Irish Maeve, meaning "intoxicating." 
MAVOURNEEN: Irish name derived from the phrase mo múirnín, meaning "my honey, my sweet one."
MCKENNA: Irish and Scottish surname transferred to forename use, from an Anglicized form of Gaelic Mac Cionaodha, meaning "son of Cionaodh," hence "born of fire."
MÉABH: Variant form of Irish Meadhbh, meaning "intoxicating." In mythology, this is the name of a warrior queen of Connacht, the wife of Ailill.
MEADHBH: Modern form of Old Irish Gaelic Medb, meaning "intoxicating." In mythology, this is the name of a warrior queen of Connacht, the wife of Ailill.
MEAGHAN: Variant spelling of Irish Meghan, meaning "pearl."
MEDB: Old Irish Gaelic name, meaning "intoxicating." In mythology, this is the name of a warrior queen of Connacht, the wife of Ailill.
MEGHAN: Irish form of Welsh Megan, meaning "pearl."
MEGHANN: Variant spelling of Irish Meghan, meaning "pearl."
MÓR: Irish and Scottish Gaelic name meaning "great."
MORRIGAN: Variant spelling of Irish Mórríghan, meaning "great queen."
MÓRRÍGHAN: Irish myth name of a goddess of death and war, derived from Mhór Rioghain, meaning "great queen."
MUADHNAIT: Irish Gaelic name composed of the word muadh "good, noble," and a diminutive suffix, hence "little noble one."
MUIREANN: Irish Gaelic name composed of the elements muir "sea" and fionn "blessed, fair, white," hence "sea-fair." In mythology, this is the name of the mother of Fionn mac Cumhail.
MUIRENN: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Muirgen, meaning "born of the sea."
MUIRGEN: Irish Gaelic name meaning "born of the sea." In mythology, this is the name of a maiden who was changed into a salmon.
MUIRGHEAL: Irish Gaelic name composed of the elements muir "sea" and geal "bright," hence "sea-bright."
MUIRÍN: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Muirgen, meaning "born of the sea."
NAINSÍ: Irish form of English Nancy, meaning "favor; grace."
NAOMH: Irish Gaelic name meaning "holy."
NEASA: Variant spelling of Irish Neassa, possibly meaning "excellent valor."
NEASSA: Feminine form of English Neas, meaning "excellent valor." In Irish mythology, this is the name of the mother of Conchobhar. 
NIAMH: Irish Gaelic myth name of the daughter of a sea god, meaning "beauty, brightness." 
NÓIRÍN: Pet form of Irish Nóra, meaning "honor, valor."
NÓRA: Short form of Irish Onóra, meaning "honor, valor."
NOREEN: Pet form of Irish Nóra, meaning "honor, valor."
NORENE: Variant spelling of Irish Noreen, meaning "honor, valor."
NUALA: Short form of Irish Gaelic Fionnuala, meaning "white shoulder."
ODHARNAIT: Feminine form of Irish Gaelic Odhrán, meaning "little sallow one." 
OILBHE: Irish form of English Olive, meaning "olive tree." 
ONÓRA: Irish form of Latin Honora, meaning "honor, valor."
ÓRFHLAITH: Irish Gaelic name composed of the elements ór "gold" and flaith "princess," hence "gold-princess."
ÓRLAITH: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Órfhlaith, meaning "gold-princess."
PÁDRAIGÍN: Feminine form of Irish Gaelic Pádraig, meaning "patrician; of noble descent."
RAGNHAILT: Irish Gaelic form of Scandinavian Ragnhild, meaning "battle counsel."
RÁICHÉAL: Irish form of Hebrew Rachel, meaning "ewe."
RATHNAIT: Old Irish name composed of the word rath "prosperity" and a diminutive suffix, hence "little prosperous one."
RÍGHNACH: Variant spelling of Irish Ríoghnach, meaning "queen."
RÍOGHNACH: Irish name derived from the Gaelic word ríoghan, meaning "queen." In mythology, this is the name of the wife of king Niall.
RÍONA: Short form of Irish Gaelic Catríona, meaning "pure."
RÍONACH: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Ríoghnach, meaning "queen."
RÓIS: Irish form of English Rose, meaning "rose."
RÓISÍN: Diminutive form of Irish Róis ("rose"), hence "little rose."
SADB: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Sadhbh, meaning "sweet."
SADHBH: Irish Gaelic name meaning "sweet."
SAIBH: Variant spelling of Irish Gaelic Sadhbh, meaning "sweet." 
SAOIRSE: Irish Gaelic name meaning "freedom."
SARAID: Irish Gaelic name meaning "excellent."
SÉARLAIT: Feminine form of Irish Séarlas, meaning "man."
SÉRLAIT: Variant spelling of Irish Séarlait, meaning "man."
SIBÉAL: Irish Gaelic form of Latin Isabella, meaning "God is my oath."
SÍLE: Irish Gaelic form of Latin Cæcilia, meaning "blind." 
SÍNE: Irish Gaelic form of Anglo-Norman French Jehane, meaning "God is gracious."
SINÉAD (pron. Shinade): Irish Gaelic form of French Jeanette, meaning "God is gracious." 
SIOBHÁN (pronounced Shivawn): Irish form of Norman French Jehane, meaning "God is gracious."
SIOFRA: Irish Gaelic name meaning "elf."
SÍOMHA: Variant form of Irish Síthmaith, meaning "peace-good."
SÍTHMAITH: Irish name composed of the Gaelic elements sï¿½th "peace" and maith "good," hence "peace-good."
SLÁINE: Irish Gaelic name meaning "health."
SORCHA: Gaelic name meaning "radiant." In use by the Irish and Scottish.
TOIRÉASA: Irish form of Spanish Theresa, meaning "harvester."
TRÉASA: Contracted form of Irish Gaelic Toiréasa, meaning "harvester."
ÚNA: Irish name, probably derived from the Gaelic vocabulary word úna, meaning "famine, hunger." In Irish legend, this was the name of the sweetheart of poet Tomás Costello, who withered away and died after being forbidden by her parents to see him.