AHRIMAN: Middle Persian form of Old Persian Angra Mainyu, meaning "devil; evil spirit." In mythology, this is the name of the god of darkness, death and destruction, and the number one enemy of Ahura Mazda.
AHURA MAZDA (اهورا مزدا): Persian myth name of the uncreated creator of everything in the universe, whose archenemy is Ahriman. In Avestan, Ahura is the term for a good divinity. Mazda stands for wisdom. Hence, the name means "divinity of wisdom."
AHURAMAZDA: Variant spelling of Persian Ahura Mazda, "divinity of wisdom."
ALBORZ: Persian name derived from the name of a mountain in northern Iran, the Alborz, also called the Haraborzaiti or Hazaborzaiti by the Hindus. 
ALBURZ: Variant spelling of Persian Alborz, derived from the name of a mountain in northern Iran, the Alborz, also called the Haraborzaiti or Hazaborzaiti by the Hindus. 
ANGRA MAINYU: Old Persian myth name of the source of all evil, the twin brother and main enemy of Ahura Mazda, meaning "evil spirit; devil."
ARDESHIR (اردشیر): Middle Persian form of Old Persian Artachshatra, meaning "great warrior" or "lion-king."
ARTACHSHARTA: Variant spelling of Persian Artachshatra, meaning "great warrior" or "lion-king."
ARTACHSHATRA: Persian name meaning "great warrior" or "lion-king." In the bible, this is the name of the son and successor of Khshayarsha as emperor of Persia. His Hebrew name is Artachshashta.
ASHTAD: Persian name meaning "justice."
BABAK (بابک): Persian name meaning "little father."
BABAR (بابر): Persian name meaning "lion" or "tiger." 
BAHADUR (Persian: بهادر): Hindi and Persian form of Mongolian Baghatur, meaning "hero" or "warrior."
BAHMAN (بهمن): Persian name derived from the Zoroastrian phrase Vohu Mana, meaning "good mind." Kai Bahman is the name of a legendary king of Persia (Iran).
BAHRAM (بهرام): Persian name meaning "smiter of resistance" or "victorious." This is also a name for the planet Mars. In mythology, this is the name of an angel.
BARAZ: Persian name meaning "exalted."
BEHNAM (بهنام): Persian name meaning "reputable."
BEHRAM: Variant spelling of Persian Bahram, meaning "smiter of resistance" or "victorious."

BEHRUZ (بهروز): Persian name meaning "fortunate; good day."

DARA: Short form of Persian Dârayavahush, meaning "possesses a lot, wealthy." Compare with other forms of Dara.
DARAWESH: Contracted form of Persian Dârayavahush, meaning "possesses a lot; wealthy."
DÂRAYAVAHUSH: Persian name composed of the elements dâraya "to possess" and vahu "good," hence "possesses a lot, wealthy."
DARIUSH (داريوش): Contracted form of Persian Dârayavahush, meaning "possesses a lot, wealthy."
DELSHAD (دلشاد): Persian name meaning "happy heart."
DILSHAD: Variant spelling of Persian Delshad, meaning "happy heart."
EBRAHIM (ابراهیم): Persian form of Arabic Ibrahim, meaning "father of a multitude." 
EHSAN (احسان): Persian unisex name meaning "compassion."
ELBURZ: Variant spelling of Persian Alborz, derived from the name of a mountain in northern Iran, also called the Haraborzaiti or Hazaborzaiti by the Hindus. 
FARIDOON: Persian legend name of a king, meaning "thrice strong."
FEROZE (فیروز): Persian form of Arabic Firuz, meaning "victorious."
FRAVARDIN (فروردین): Persian name derived from the word fravashi, meaning "guardian spirit." 
GABR (گبر): From the Persian term gabr, meaning "follower of Zoroaster." 
GOVAD: Persian name of one of the 23 Hamkar archangels, meaning "good wind." Govad's special domain is "wind and waves." 
GOWAD: Variant spelling of Persian Govad, meaning "good wind."
GULBAHAR (گلبهار): Persian name meaning "spring rose."
HEYDAR: Persian form of Arabic Haidar, meaning "lion."
HORMAZD: Variant form of Persian Ahura Mazda, "divinity of wisdom."
HORMIZD: Variant form of Persian Ahura Mazda, "divinity of wisdom."
HORMUZD: Variant form of Persian Ahura Mazda, "divinity of wisdom."
IHSAN (احسان): Variant spelling of Persian unisex Ehsan, meaning "compassion."
JAHAN (جهان): Persian name meaning "world."
JAHANGIR (جهانگیر): Persian name meaning "world-conqueror."
JAMSHAD: Variant spelling of Persian Jamshid, possibly meaning "shining river."
JAMSHED: Variant spelling of Persian Jamshid, possibly meaning "shining river."
JAMSHEED: Variant spelling of Persian Jamshid, possibly meaning "shining river."
JAMSHID (جمشید): Persian name, possibly meaning "shining river." In mythology, this is the name of the fourth king of the Kayanian dynasty.
JAVAID: Variant spelling of Persian Javid, meaning "eternal."
JAVED: Variant spelling of Persian Javid, meaning "eternal."
JAVID (جاوید): Persian name derived from the word jawid, meaning "eternal."
KAMBAUJIYA: Variant spelling of Persian Kambujiya, probably meaning "handsome king."
KAMBOUJIYA: Variant spelling of Persian Kambujiya, probably meaning "handsome king."
KAMBUJIYA (کمبوجیه): This is a Persian royal name that was borne by numerous ancient Iranians. Scholars have accepted that it is a form of Sanskrit Kamboja and believe it probable that the legendary Kamboja of the Mahabharata who won the Divine Sword from king Kuvalashava of Kosala, was an earlier Kambujiya from the royal line of Persian Achaemenids who gave his name to the clan and the country Cambodia. According to the scholar Dr. Moti Chandra, the name means "handsome king." His view is reinforced by Valmiki Ramayana, as well as by several verses of the Mahabharata which strongly testify that the ancient Kambojas and their princes were extremely handsome.
KERECACPA: Avestan name meaning "he of the lean horse." In mythology, this is the name of a hero god of second-rank in heaven who avenges his brother Urvaksha.
KHASHAYARSHAH: A later spelling of Persian Khshayarsha, meaning "great warrior" or "lion-king." This is the name of a king of Persia mentioned in the bible by his Hebrew name Achashverosh. 
KHODADAD (عزیزی): Persian name composed of the elements khoda "god, lord" and dad "given," hence "god-given."
KHORSHED (خورشيد): Variant spelling of Persian unisex Khurshid, meaning "sun." 
KHORVASH: Old Persian name composed of the elements khour "sun" and vash "like," hence "like the sun." Also spelled Kûrush.
KHSHAYARSHA (خشایارشاه): Variant spelling of Persian Xsayarsa, meaning "great warrior" or "lion-king." 
KHURSHID (خورشيد): Persian unisex name meaning "sun."
KIANOUSH (كیانوش): Persian name derived from the word kian, meaning "royal."
KOROUSH: Variant spelling of Persian Kûrush, meaning "like the sun."
KÛRUSH (کوروش): Variant form of Persian Khorvash, meaning "like the sun." 
MANU (मनु): Persian name meaning "man," as in homo sapiens. In mythology, this is the name of the progenitor of the human race. 
MEHRDAD: A derivative of Middle Persian Mihrdat, meaning "given by Mihr."
MELQART: Persian form of Phoenician Milk-Qart, meaning "king of the city." In mythology, this is the name of the tutelary god of Tyre. Some believe Melqart began as a sea god.
MERIKH (مريخ): Variant spelling of Mirrikh, the Arabic and Persian name for the planet Mars, possibly meaning "death, slaughter." 
MIHR (م‍ﮩ‍ر): Persian name derived from Avestan Mithra, meaning "alliance; contract; a means of binding."
MIHRDAT: Middle Persian name meaning "given by Mihr."
MIRRIKH (مريخ): Arabic and Persian name for the planet Mars, possibly meaning "death, slaughter." Also spelled Merikh.
MIRZA (ميرزا): Persian name meaning "prince."
MITHRA: Avestan myth name of the son of Ahura Mazda, derived from the proto-Indo-Iranian word *mitra, meaning "contract, covenant, oath, promise, treaty," from the root mi- "to bind," all of which seems to indicate the basic meaning "alliance; contract; a means of binding."
NAVEED (نويد): Persian name meaning "good news."
NAVID (نويد): Variant spelling of Persian Naveed, meaning "good news."
OHRMAZD (ارمزد): Newer form of Persian Ahura Mazda, meaning "good and wise god."
OMID (اُمید): Persian unisex name meaning "hope."
ORMAZD (ارمزد): Newer form of Persian Ahura Mazda, meaning "good and wise god."
PAPAK (بابک): Variant spelling of Persian Babak, meaning "little father."
PARVAIZ: Variant spelling of Persian Parviz, meaning "fortunate."
PARVIZ (پرويز): Persian name meaning "fortunate."
PARWIZ: Variant spelling of Persian Parviz, meaning "fortunate."
PAYAM (پيام): Persian name meaning "message."
PIRUZ (پیروز): Persian name meaning "victorious."
RASHNE: Persian name meaning "judge."
ROSHAN (روشن): Persian unisex name meaning "bright, light."
SAROSH: Persian form of Avestan Sraosha, meaning "obedience."
SARUSH (سروش): Perso-Arabic form of Avestan Sraosha, meaning "obedience."
SHADI (شادی): Persian name meaning "happiness." Compare with another form of Shadi.
SHAHANSHAH (شاهنشاه): Persian name meaning "king of kings."
SHAHJAHAN (شاه ‌جهان): Persian name composed of the elements shah "king" and jahan "world," hence "king of the world."
SHAHPUR: Persian name meaning "son of the king."
SHAHRIAR (شهريار): Persian name meaning "lord."
SHAHRIVAR (شهریور): Persian name meaning "desirable power."
SHAHROKH (شاهرخ): Persian name meaning "royal face."
SHAHZAD: Variant spelling of Persian Shahzade, meaning "prince."
SHAHZADE (شاهزاده): Persian name meaning "prince."
SHER (شیر): Persian name meaning "lion."
SIAVASH (سیاوش): Variant spelling of Persian Siyavash, meaning "possesses black stallions." In the ancient epic poem Shahnameh, this is the name of a king, the son of Shah Kavakhous, a Shah of the Pishdak Dynasty.
SINBAD: Variant spelling of Persian Sindbad, possibly meaning "lord of sages."
SINDBAD: Original form of Persian Sinbad, legend name of a sailor who had numerous fantastic adventures, possibly derived from Sanskrit Siddhapati, meaning "lord of sages." 
SIYAVASH (سیاوش): Persian name meaning "possesses black stallions." In the ancient epic poem Shahnameh, this is the name of a king, the son of Shah Kavakhous, a Shah of the Pishdak Dynasty.
SOHRAB (سهراب): Persian name meaning "bright, shining."
SRAOSHA: Avestan myth name of a god of obedience, meaning "obedience."
URVAKSHA: Avestan name meaning "the one who has the fat horse." In mythology, this is the name of a god avenged by his brother Kerecacpa. 
XSAYARSA (خشایارشاه): Persian name meaning "great warrior" or "lion-king." In the bible, this is the name of a king of Persia. His Hebrew name is Achashverosh. His Greek name is Xerxes.
ZARATHUSTRA (Zaraθuštra): Avestan name, possibly composed of the elements zaranty "angry" and ustra "camel," hence "he whose camels are angry."
ZARTOSHT: Persian form of Avestan Zarathustra, possibly meaning "he whose camels are angry."
ZHUBIN (زوبین): Persian name derived from the name of a short "spear."
ZUBIN (زوبین): Variant spelling of Persian Zhubin, derived from the name of a short "spear." Compare with other forms of Zubin.